				Scene: The apartment.
Penny: So, Bernadette, how goes the hunt for bridesmaid dresses?
Bernadette: Well, if you don’t mind looking like an orange traffic cone, great.
Amy: Girlfriends, I have the answer to our dress problems.
Bernadette: Really?
Amy: Twelve years ago, my cousin Irene and her entire family died in a horrific carbon monoxide accident the night before her wedding.
Bernadette: That’s horrible.
Amy: Yes and no. All those bridesmaids dresses remain unused and available to us for free. So it seems that cloud of odourless deadly gas had a silver lining after all. Check it out, still in the bags. The gowns, not the bridesmaids.
Bernadette: I don’t know. Dead people’s dresses?
Penny: Yeah, and cap sleeves? U-u-uh.
Amy: Uh, I was hoping you wouldn’t notice. Irene was always a slave to a good bargain when it came to clothes, and sadly as it turned out, space heaters.
Sheldon: Ladies, please. These four walls once housed an intellectual salon where the mind received nourishment as well as the stomach. But through no one’s fault, Penny, the quality of dinner conversation in this apartment has declined. And again, I’m looking at no one in particular, Penny.
Leonard: Fine. What would you like to talk about, Sheldon?
Howard: What would you like to talk about, Sheldon? Why do you hate us?
Sheldon: I’ve prepared a number of topics that should appeal to both the advanced and novice conversationalists.
Penny: Okay, that time you looked at me.
Amy: Who didn’t? Your skin is like alabaster. Do you even have pores?
Sheldon: Topic one. Faster-than-light particles at CERN, paradigm-shifting discovery or another Swiss export as full of holes as their cheese? And converse.
Penny: All right, who wants to go to my apartment and look at bridal magazines?
Bernadette: Oh, me.
Penny: Through no one’s fault, Sheldon, we’re leaving.
Amy: Wait for moi.
Sheldon: You’re leaving?
Amy: Sheldon, sometimes you forget, I’m a lady. And with that comes an oestrogen fuelled need to page through thick glossy magazines that make me hate my body.
Sheldon: Ah. New topic. Women, delightfully mysterious or bat-crap crazy?
Raj: Totally. What’s wrong with cap sleeves? If you have the right figure for it, they’re adorable.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: Hey, Amy, what brings you to our neck of the woods?
Amy: Your neurology department loaned me a culture of prions for my research on bovine spongiform encephalopathy.
Sheldon: She popped by to borrow a cup of mad cow disease.
Amy: It’s hard to make degenerative brain maladies hilarious, and yet somehow you do it.
Howard: That’s fun to have in a lunchroom.
Amy: The real fun starts when you get to pick the rat you’re going to feed it to, and maybe you choose the beady-eyed little mother who’s been biting you all week.
Howard: Please, we’re eating. Can we get that off the table and change the subject?
Sheldon: Can we? Stand back while I turn this conversation into a conver-sensation.
Leonard: This time, it’s your fault.
Sheldon: I have 100 alphabetized topics from artichoke, come on, people, it’s just a giant thistle, to zzz, the onamona-poetry of sleep.
Leonard: Amy, how long would it take for that mad cow disease to kill me?
Amy: I don’t know, four or five years.
Leonard: No, it’s not gonna do it.
Howard: Oy. Bernadette keeps texting me pictures of Penny in bridesmaid dresses.
Amy: They’re out shopping right now?
Howard: Yeah.
Amy: Just the two of them?
Howard: I guess.
Amy: That’s cool, that’s cool.
Howard: Why are they asking me about this stuff? What guy knows what a sweetheart neckline is? (Raj raises his hand)
Scene: The apartment. Leonard is horseracing on a Kinnect game.
Leonard: Leonard’s coming down the home stretch! Come on, horsey, you can do this! Damn. Come on, thigh muscles, you can do this! Yes! First place. I would have been a great jockey if I weren’t too tall. And scared of horses. Sheldon, you’re up.
Sheldon: What?
Leonard: Come on, it’s your turn. We said we’d get more fresh air.
Sheldon: Sorry. I’m a little distracted. I can’t seem to get in touch with Amy. I tried e-mail, video chat, tweeting her, posting on her Facebook wall, texting her, nothing.
Leonard: Did you try calling her on the telephone?
Sheldon: The telephone. You know, Leonard, in your own simple way, you may be the wisest of us all. Voice mail. Curiouser and curiouser.
Leonard: If you’re worried, we can go over there and see if she’s all right.
Sheldon: Okay. You know, I heard in the news a bobcat has been spotted in her neighbourhood.
Leonard: I don’t think Amy was eaten by a bobcat.
Sheldon: Who thinks Amy was eaten by a bobcat?
Leonard: You do?
Sheldon: Leonard, I was just mentioning an interesting local news item. Now, thanks to you, I’m worried Amy’s been eaten by a bobcat.
Leonard: Forget about the bobcat.
Sheldon: How can I? You won’t stop talking about it.
Scene: Amy’s apartment. Amy is playing the harp.
Amy (singing): Everybody hurts, sometimes everybody cries. Everybody hurts, sometimes.
Sheldon (outside): She sounds weepy. I don’t like weepy. Let’s go.
Leonard: Uh, she’s your friend. Step up.
Leonard: (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. Bye.
Sheldon: Where are you going?
Leonard: I’m single, I don’t need this crap.
Amy: Sheldon, what are you doing here?
Sheldon: You didn’t respond to any of my electronic communications.
Amy: I wanted to be alone.
Sheldon: Would you like to talk about it? And keep in mind that no is a perfectly viable answer.
Amy: Sheldon, my world is crumbling around me.
Sheldon: Point of order. As you’re in distress, it would be customary for me to offer you a hot beverage. But I’m a guest in your home, so it would be customary for you to offer me a beverage. How do you want to proceed vis-a-vis beverages?
Amy: It doesn’t matter. Nothing matters.
Sheldon: If you’d like to take your mind off what’s troubling you, uh, word on the street is a bobcat has been spotted.
Amy: Penny and Bernadette went shopping for bridesmaids dresses without me.
Sheldon: And that made you feel sad?
Amy: Yes.
Sheldon: I knew it. Just keep going, I guess I’m good at this.
Amy: It’s just, I thought they liked hanging out with me, but I guess I was fooling myself.
Sheldon: When they were over here, did you fail to offer them a beverage? ‘Cause I can see how that could stick in someone’s craw.
Amy: Sheldon, I’m going to ask you something, and I’d like you to keep an open mind.
Sheldon: Always.
Amy: At this moment, I find myself craving human intimacy and physical contact.
Sheldon: Oh, boy. You know ours is a relationship of the mind.
Amy: Proposal. One wild night of torrid lovemaking that soothes my soul and inflames my loins.
Sheldon: Counterproposal. I will gently stroke your head and repeat, aw, who’s a good Amy.
Amy: How about this? French kissing, seven minutes in heaven culminating in second base.
Sheldon: Neck massage, then you get me that beverage.
Amy: We cuddle. Final offer.
Sheldon: Very well. Oh, boy. (They cuddle, awkwardly.)
Amy: I’m just saying, second base is right there.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Raj: Mm, I’m thinking about adopting some quirky affectation, like a pipe or a monocle or a handlebar moustache.
Leonard: For all those girls out there looking for the Indian Monopoly man?
Raj: This is not a safe place. You can’t share anything here.
Sheldon: The two of you need to get your women in line!
Howard: What?
Sheldon: Last night I was strong-armed into an evening of harp music and spooning with an emotional Amy Farrah Fowler. This on a night that I had originally designated for solving the space-time geometry in higher-spin gravity and building my Lego Death Star. And why? Your gal pals, Penny and Bernadette, went out shopping for some wedding nonsense without Amy, an action they took with no thought or regard as to how it would affect me, the future of string theory or my Lego fun time.
Howard: What do you want us to do about it?
Sheldon: You clearly weren’t listening to my topic sentence, get your women in line! You make them apologize to Amy and set things right. I am a man of science, not someone’s snuggle bunny!
Leonard: Why do I have to talk to Penny? She’s not my girlfriend.
Sheldon: You invited her to lunch four years ago. Everything about her is on you, you make it so!
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Moo-shu is Penny.
Penny: Thank you. Where’s Sheldon?
Leonard: Oh, he was up late last night, so I gave him an early dinner and put him to bed.
Bernadette: That’s so sweet.
Leonard: Yeah, but now he’s gonna be up at dawn and want to play.
Howard: So, listen, guys, the reason he was up late is because he was taking care of Amy. She’s kind of upset.
Penny: Why?
Leonard: Her feelings got hurt because you guys went dress shopping without her.
Bernadette: I told you that would happen.
Penny: Okay, look, this is her first time being a bridesmaid and she’s just getting a little crazy with it.
Bernadette: She keeps on telling us stories about bridesmaid traditions in other cultures, and they’re all about getting naked and washing each other.
Penny: Yeah, and she keeps trying to figure out if our cycles have synced up so we can call ourselves the Three Menstra-teers
Bernadette: We thought it would be easier to look at dresses one time without her. I feel terrible.
Penny: I know. Me, too. We’ll talk to her. Hey, wait, how did she find out?
Howard: Raj did it. And he says he would do it again. Okay, I’m sorry. You sent me the picture, I wasn’t thinking.
Bernadette: Oh, Howie.
Howard: Well, hey, I’m usually pretty good at not blabbing. You tell me tons of stuff about these guys, and I never repeat it.
Penny: What do you tell him?
Bernadette: Oh, you know, just pillow talk. You guys have nothing to worry about.
Leonard: Hold on, did you talk about us when we were dating?
Penny: No. All your little secrets are fine.
Bernadette: Yes, absolutely fine.
Howard (after Raj whispers to him): I’ll tell you later.
Scene: Amy’s lab. Amy is dissecting a brain.
Amy: Come on, tumour. Come on, tumour, Mama needs an aggressive little glioblastoma. Yay, brain tumour! Probably not the same reaction you had when you got the news.
Penny: Hi.
Bernadette: Hello.
Amy: What are you doing here?
Penny: Well, look, we just wanted to apologize for not bringing you with us the other day.
Amy: That’s not necessary, it’s like Sesame Street says, one of these things is not like the other, one of these things should die alone.
Penny: Look, come on, Amy, look, let us make it up to you. We’ll have a girl’s night, we’ll do whatever you want.
Bernadette: We can go down to the Korean baths and do that thing you were talking about where we wash each other.
Penny: With-with loofah mitts, no hands.
Amy: It’s okay. I’m glad this happened. I can stop pretending that some beautiful girl and her cute-in-
the-right-light friend want to hang out with me.
Bernadette: Amy, we’re really sorry.
Penny: Yeah, we feel awful.
Amy: Don’t. I’ll be okay. You’re not the first girls I thought were friends with me who ended up shunning me. It’s like elementary school, junior high, high school, undergrad, grad school, and that semester abroad in Norway all over again.
Penny: Oh, come on, Amy.
Amy: You don’t get it. Look at this brain.
Penny: I don’t really want to.
Amy: This is us. Bernadette, you are the analytical, scientific left hemisphere. Penny, you’re the creative, spontaneous right hemisphere. And where’s Amy? She’s right here, the sad little tumour no one wants to go dress shopping with.
Bernadette: Amy, you’re not a tumour. Penny, tell her she’s not a tumour. (Penny is vomiting in the dustbin). 
Scene: The apartment, Sheldon is building his Lego Death Star. Phone rings.
Sheldon: Did you know that when Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone, he proposed answering it with ahoy? Ahoy. I like it. Amy? Is that you? Have you been drinking? I’m sorry, I bet my sweet what? Well, all right. We’re on our way.
Leonard: What’s going on?
Sheldon: It would seem Amy is drunk in a liquor store parking lot.
Leonard: Really? Amy?
Sheldon: Leonard, be glad you can’t keep a woman. They are a handful.
Scene: A liquor store parking lot.
Amy: Oh, look. It’s Sheldon and little Leonard. Hi, little Leonard.
Leonard: Hi, Amy.
Amy: Hey, Cuddles.
Leonard: Cuddles?
Sheldon: Yes, Cuddles. We cuddled. Grow up, Leonard.
Leonard: Amy, what are you doing here?
Amy: Well, I came here to get a bottle of wine like Penny taught me to do when you’re sad.
Leonard: Yeah, but why didn’t you go back to your apartment?
Amy: Didn’t you go to high school, Leonard? Parking lots are where all the cool kids hang out. Not that the rat bastards ever invited me.
Leonard: Maybe we should get you home.
Amy: Oh, hang on, hang on, hang on. Sheldon, what would it take for you to go into that liquor store, buy a bottle of hooch, take me across the street to that motel, and have your way with me?
Leonard: Yeah, Sheldon, what would it take?
Sheldon: I’m begging both of you, please, let’s go.
Leonard: Okay. Come on. Upsy-daisy.
Amy: Whee! Ooh, finally someone found second base.
Scene: Amy’s lab. She is dissecting a brain.
Amy: I know how you feel. I got a knife slicing through my frontal lobe, too.
Penny: Hi.
Amy: What do you want? Do you want me to give the friendship bracelet back?
Penny: I never gave you a friendship bracelet.
Amy: When we first met, I made one and pretended you gave it to me. You can have it back if you want.
Penny: No, you made that for you, I want you to have it.
Bernadette: We know you’re upset, and you have every right to be, but if it’s okay with you, we’d like a second chance to make things right.
Penny: We are really sorry, and we were trying to think of some way to show you how much we care about you.
Bernadette: Which is why it would mean so much if you would agree to be the maid of honour at my wedding.
Amy: What? Wait, is this some kind of practical joke? Like in Norway, when my friends trapped me in a sauna with a horny otter?
Bernadette: No. I, I want you to be the maid of honour.
Amy: Oh, my gosh. No one’s every asked me to be the maid of honour before. Well, that’s not true. Once, but then they all died.
Bernadette: So is that a yes?
Amy: Yes. Yes. Oh, my gosh, I, I have so much to do. There’s the bridal shower and the bachelorette party. What should we do for the bachelorette party? Oh, I know, we’ll go to a Native American sweat lodge, we’ll take peyote, roll around in the mud, and paint fertility symbols on Bernadette’s naked body. So that’s happening.
Penny: Yeah, sure, sure. Vegas is fun, too.
Amy: I feel like crying. Of course, I could just be hormonal. Oh, wait. Maybe our menses are finally syncing up. Bernadette? No? Penny?
Penny: Sorry.
Amy: Really?
Penny: Okay, yeah.
Amy: Yay!
Scene: A bridal store.
Amy: Maid of honour Amy Farrah Fowler’s amazing behind-the-scenes wedding video, take one.
Bernadette: We’re just trying on dresses, do we really need to record this?
Amy: I’m sorry, are you the maid of honour?
Bernadette: I am the bride.
Amy: So no. And action.
Penny (in a red bridesmaid dress): What do you think?
Bernadette: I love it!
Amy: What are you, a nun? Come on, bestie, let’s see some skin.
Cut to Amy in a lilac dress.
Bernadette: Oh, Amy! Looking sexy!
Amy: You think they don’t have mirrors in there? I know how I look.
Cut to Bernadette in a wedding dress.
Penny: Oh! Bernadette, you look beautiful!
Amy: You do.
Bernadette: Thank you.
Amy: Not Penny beautiful, but beautiful.
Cut to changing room door.
Amy: Come on, bestie, you’re up.
Penny (off): Give me a minute.
Amy: What is taking you so long? (Opens door. Penny is in her underwear)
Penny: Oh, Amy! Get the hell out of here!
Amy: – Sorry, sorry. (Swings camera away. Then back again)
Penny: Oh, God. Amy!
Amy: Sorry.
 								
			
				 Scene: The lobby.
Penny: Hey.
Leonard: Oh, hey. You work the lunch shift?
Penny: Yeah. I’ve got eight pounds of salmon that’s about to go bad. Do you know how to cook it?
Leonard: Not really.
Penny: Damn it. Should have liberated the iffy chicken. What are you and Professor Fussyface up to tonight?
Leonard: Star Wars on Blu-ray.
Penny: Haven’t you seen that movie, like, a thousand times?
Leonard: Not on Blu-ray. Only twice on Blu-ray.
Penny: Oh, Leonard.
Leonard: I know, it’s high-resolution sadness.
Penny: Well, I’m going to take myself out to a movie tonight. You want to go?
Leonard: Really? Do we do that?
Penny: What do you mean?
Leonard: You know, we haven’t spent time alone together since we broke up.
Penny: Oh, it’s not a date, Leonard. It’s just a man and a woman hanging out, and not having sex at the end of the night.
Leonard: Sounds like most of my dates.
Sheldon (off, voice heard through apartment door as they approach): Oh, dear Lord, get away from me, you monster!
Penny: What is that about?
Leonard: Well, he’s smart and crazy enough, he may have actually created a monster. (They enter. Sheldon is by the window.)
Sheldon: Shoo, shoo! Be gone!
Leonard: What the hell is going on?
Sheldon: There’s a bird outside the window, and he won’t go away. That is the hell that is going on. We have no worms or seeds here. Shoo, shoo.
Penny: Really? On top of everything else, you’re afraid of birds?
Sheldon: It’s called ornithophobia. And someday it will be recognized as a true disability, and the landlord will be required by law to put a giant net over the building. Which is unfortunate, because I have a fear of nets.
Penny: So movies, yes or no?
Leonard: Movies, yes.
Penny: Great. I’ll see you later. And remember, he’s more afraid of you than you are of him.
Sheldon: That doesn’t help.
Penny: No, I was talking to the bird.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Go away, bird. (Knock, knock, knock) Go away, bird. (Knock, knock, knock) Go away, bird.
Leonard: Sheldon, just ignore him.
Sheldon: Good idea. Attention is what birds want. (Pulls curtain) Oh, much better. All right. Now I’ll just get along with my life. (Bird squawks) Make a pot of tea, Leonard. It’s going to be a long night.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.Sheldon is trying to scare the bird away making cat noises.
Leonard: The bird’s still there?
Sheldon: Quick, what does a hawk sound like?
Leonard: I don’t know. Scree-scree.
Sheldon: Please, that’s a seagull. If you’re not going to help, don’t help.
Leonard: Sorry. Do you think I’m overdressed?
Sheldon: It depends on the activity. For a prostate exam, yes. If you’re playing Vegas, I’d add sequins.
Leonard: I’m going to the movies with Penny. I don’t want her to think that I think it’s a date.
Sheldon: Do you think it’s a date?
Leonard: No, but she might think I think it’s a date even though I don’t.
Sheldon: Or you might think she thinks you think it’s a date even though she doesn’t.
Leonard: Are we overthinking this?
Sheldon: Not at all.
Leonard: You’re right. I’m fine. I’m wearing this.
Sheldon: Really? A blazer? All right. (Leonard takes off blazer and heads back to his room. Sheldon dials phone) Yes, hello. This is Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Yeah, I’m at 2311 North Robles Avenue. Yeah, I’d like to report a dangerous wild animal. A blue jay. I’m sorry, this is Animal Control. I don’t understand the laughter. No, the bird is not in my home. If he was in my home, I obviously would have called 911. Sir, I have no doubt that there are things that you’re frightened of. Being stuck in a dead-end public service job? Or your wife stepping out on you because you’re stuck in a dead-end public service job? Or spiders? Don’t you think I tried making cat noises?
Leonard (returning in a tee shirt and backwards cap): Too casual?
Sheldon: For an audience with the queen, yes. For an evening of passing a bottle of fortified wine around a flaming trash can, you look great. (Leonard leaves again. Sheldon draws a picture of a cats face and returns to making cat noises at the window.) What am I thinking? Whiskers!
Scene: The cinema.
Penny: Oh, hey, if we hurry, we can make the new Jennifer Aniston movie.
Leonard: Oh, yeah, sure. There’s also an amazing documentary about building a dam on river in South America.
Penny: Okay, but the Jennifer Aniston movie has Jennifer Aniston, and she’s not building a dam.
Leonard: Can’t argue with that. I’ll get the tickets.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: Actually, you know what? I think it’s about time I pick a movie we see.
Penny: You pick plenty of movies.
Leonard: No. You always picked, and it was always the same. An hour and a half of beach houses in the rain until the woman turns around and realizes love was here all along.
Penny: But come on, that is a great movie, and it starts in ten minutes.
Leonard: I hate those movies.
Penny: No, you don’t.
Leonard: Yes, I do. The only reason I went is because you wanted to see them, and I wanted to have sex. To this day, I can’t see a Sandra Bullock movie poster without getting both bored and aroused.
Penny: Okay, so while we were going out, how often would you pretend to like things just to have sex with me?
Leonard: All the time.
Penny: You’re kidding.
Leonard: Does this sound familiar? I’d love to go shoe shopping with you. Hiking? It’s great. It’s two a.m., of course I want to go to Korea Town and sing karaoke with your friends. Who wouldn’t?
Penny: Okay, we were going out. You were going to get sex anyway.
Leonard: Really? You would have slept with me after a three-hour documentary on dams?
Penny: No. No woman would.
Leonard: See? Now, that’s the great thing. We’re out as friends. This is not a date. Sex is off the table. So, let’s go learn why hydroelectric power might not be the environmental bargain you think it is. Sorry. Spoiler alert.
Penny: All right, fine.
Leonard: Thanks. Tickets are eleven bucks. Not a date.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Come on, Sheldon, Star Wars.
Howard: I’m pushing play.
Sheldon: A minute.
Howard: If we don’t start soon, George Lucas is going to change it again.
Sheldon: This would go a lot faster if you put your trade school diploma to work and helped me set up this high frequency tone generator.
Howard: I have a Masters degree from M.I.T.
Sheldon: Yeah, but you’ve got a can-do attitude and that’s what’s important.
Raj: I really don’t get your problem with birds.
Sheldon: The question you should be asking is what is their problem with me? My first memory, a hummingbird dive-bombing my stroller to get at the apple juice in my sippy cup.
Raj: Hummingbirds are pretty.
Sheldon: Hummingbirds are the vampires of the flower world.
Raj: Still my first choice for an ankle tattoo. Or a dolphin, I go back and forth.
Sheldon: Age seven, a blood-thirsty chicken chases me up a tree. Age twelve, a magpie tries to steal the retainer out of my mouth. Age sixteen, a parrot in a pet store called me fat ass. Need I go on?
Raj: Yes, please. This is way better than the movie.
Howard: All right, Sheldon, your bird death ray is ready.
Sheldon: It’s not a death ray. It’s just a little ultrasonic blast to scare him off. Trust me, if I had a death ray, I wouldn’t be living here. I’d be in my lair enjoying the money the people of Earth gave me for not using my death ray. All right, and in three, two, one. (Switches on. All the windows shatter. The bird doesn’t move.)
Raj: That is one tough birdie.
Scene: A bar.
Leonard: Come on, you enjoyed the movie. I saw you tearing up when the village got flooded, and everyone had to relocate.
Penny: No, I was thinking how come they get to leave and I can’t.
Leonard: I’m going to get some fries. You want anything?
Penny: Uh, no, thanks.
Leonard: Are you sure? Because you always say no, and then you eat half my fries.
Penny: I just eat the little crispy ones you don’t like.
Leonard: No, I love them. I save them for the end, but they’re gone because you ate them. And why did I let you eat them?
Penny: To get sex.
Leonard: Exactly. But this is not a date. So I ask again, would you like anything?
Penny: All right, I’d like an order of fries.
Leonard: Great. That’ll be five dollars. I am having the best time. I’m so glad you suggested we do this.
Penny (accidentally nudging the man sitting behind her): Oh, sorry.
Man: No problem.
Penny: What you writing there?
Man: A screenplay. Its about a guy whose roommate is having sex and tells him go to a bar and work on his screenplay.
Penny: I Hope Alex Gets Crabs: The Movie.
Man: It’s a working title.
Penny: Oh.
Man: I’m Kevin.
Penny: Oh. Penny. Nice to meet you.
Kevin: I’ll let you get back to your date.
Penny: Oh, no, no. This isn’t a date, no. Right?
Leonard: Uh, right.
Penny: So have you written anything I might have seen?
Kevin: That depends. How much time do you spend on Yelp?
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: This is ridiculous. I’m a grown man from Texas. This isn’t a terrifying bird like a swan or a goose. It’s just a blue jay. (Opens window) That’s a pretty big blue jay. (Closes window. Goes to cabinet. Comes out wearing a Boba Fett helmet and a broom) One, two, three. (Opens window) Go! Shoo! Am-scray, ird-bay! (Bird flies in window) Bird in the apartment! Bird in the apartment! (Sees the bird sitting in his place) No!
Scene: The bar.
Penny (to Kevin): So it is an amazing documentary. They need the electricity from the dam, but at the same time they want to preserve the environment.
Leonard: You’re kidding me. Uh, can I see you for a sec over here?
Penny: Oh, yeah. Sure. Just one sec?
Kevin: No problem.
Penny: What’s up?
Leonard: I know what you’re doing.
Penny: What am I doing?
Leonard: You’re going out of your way to talk to that guy because I said we weren’t on a date.
Penny: No, I’m talking to him because he’s cute.
Leonard: Come on, he’s not that cute.
Penny: Yes, he is. With his dorky T-shirt and his little hipster glasses.
Leonard: I wear dorky T-shirts and glasses.
Penny: Yes, but when you’re tall and have great cheekbones, you’re doing it ironically.
Leonard: If that’s so, what if I start talking to a girl?
Penny: You should.
Leonard: I’m serious. I’ll do it.
Penny: Good! Go! There are some girls right over there. What are you waiting for?
Leonard: They’re in a group. I’m scared.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Sheldon, what do you expect us to do?
Sheldon: You’re biologists. Biology is the study of living things. That’s a living thing, get cracking.
Bernadette: I specialize in microorganisms, and Amy studies brains.
Amy: Yeah, neither of us minored in bird-shooing.
Sheldon: Oh, come now. Your undergraduate work must have included a varmints and critters class.
Bernadette: Come back in, Sheldon, he’s not going to hurt you. He looks friendly. I think he might be someone’s pet.
Sheldon: No, Bernadette, don’t be a hero!
Bernadette: Oh, he’s a sweetie.
Sheldon: Yes. It’s very sweet. Now, slowly and carefully, flush him down the toilet.
Amy: Sheldon, the only way to get past this fear is to interact with it. Just like you did with the mailman.
Sheldon: Every year tens of people around the world are killed by birds. I’m not going to be another statistic.
Bernadette: Look how sweet he is. Come over and say hi. Come on. You can do it. Don’t be scared. Come on. Oh, just pet the bird, you big baby!
Sheldon: I did it! I actually did it. Okay, now flush him.
Scene: The bar.
Woman: So, Leonard, what do you do for fun?
Leonard: Um, let’s see. Hiking. Karaoke in Koreatown. Any Jennifer Aniston movie.
Penny: Hey. Sorry I ditched you.
Leonard: No, it’s fine. You can ditch away.
Penny: Oh, no, no. We said we were going to hang out, let’s hang out.
Leonard: It’s cool. Go back to Kevin.
Penny: Oh, he had to leave.
Leonard: Interesting. So now that he’s gone, you want to hang out with me.
Woman: This must be Penny.
Leonard: Yep.
Woman: I totally get it.
Penny: Huh? I’m sorry, get what?
Leonard: Don’t worry about it. You know, there’s some guys over there. You should go talk to them.
Penny: No, no. I want to know what you told her.
Leonard: That’s kind of between me and…
Woman: Laura.
Leonard: Laura.
Penny: Oh. Okay, I see. So while he was telling you things, did he mention he owns not one, but two Star Trek uniforms?
Laura: Really?
Penny: Yeah. Wears them. Not just for Halloween.
Leonard: Hey, pal. You didn’t see me telling Kevin that you thought cold wars were only fought in winter.
Penny: Okay. Then I’ll return the favour, and I won’t tell…
Laura: Laura.
Penny: Laura that half the dirty movies you own are animated.
Leonard: When you were telling Kevin about your acting career, did you mention your long-running role as Waitress in a local production of The Cheesecake Factory?
Penny: Did you tell her about your lucky asthma inhaler?
Leonard: Oh, yeah? Spell asthma.
Penny: A… S… Take me home.
Leonard: Maybe I’m not done hanging out with… (Laura has gone) You’re right, it’s getting late.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon has the bird on his arm.
Sheldon: It’s remarkable. All that time spent in fear. And for what? He’s magnificent. Oh, dear. I just realized I haven’t offered you a beverage.
Bernadette: Oh, it’s just like my grandma with her parrot. And after she lost her marbles with her remote control.
Sheldon: My phone’s on the desk over there. Take a picture of us together. Make it good enough to go on a mug, a mouse pad, and a calendar. If you were a dove, I’d call you Lovey-Dovey. Oh. Who am I kidding? This isn’t a moment for strict adherence to the literal. You’re just my little Lovey-Dovey, aren’t you?
Amy: Guess you gotta have hollow bones to get some sugar around here.
Bernadette: I still think he looks like someone’s pet. Maybe we should put up posters.
Sheldon: Yes. It should have a big picture of him, and the words, is this your bird? Not anymore. We’re going to have so much fun together. You can carry messages to all my enemies. I can tie a string to your leg and fly you like a kite.
Amy: If you’re keeping him, I’ve got a cage you can borrow. One of the test monkeys slipped on a banana peel and broke his neck. It was both tragic and hysterical.
Sheldon: Nonsense. No. Lovey-Dovey doesn’t sleep in a cage. No. Lovey-Dovey sleeps in his very own nest, which I’m going to get off the windowsill and put in my room. Isn’t that right, LD? (Opens window. Bird flies out.) No. Where are you going? Come back, Lovey-Dovey! This is your home now! I already ordered 20 pounds of bird feed off of Amazon! He’s gone.
Amy: I’m sorry, Sheldon.
Sheldon: How could he do this to me? Get back here, you stupid bird, so I can love you!
Scene: The stairwell. They ascend without talking.
Leonard: Okay. So, we went out, saw a movie, met some nice people, said horrible things about each other in public, all in all, a pretty magical night.
Penny: Okay, I’m not innocent in all this, but you basically called me stupid, you asthmatic dumbass.
Leonard: I know, I, I, I crossed a line. And I’m sorry. No, no, no, hang on. I really mean it. And it’s not like when we were going out, I’d just apologize for everything so we could end up in bed. This is a 100% sex-is-off-the-table I’m sorry.
Penny: All right. Thank you. I’m sorry, too.
Leonard: Just to be clear, sex is off the table, right?
Penny: Way off.
Leonard: Maybe we’re not ready to hang out as friends.
Penny: I don’t know. Up until the last part, I was kind of enjoying take-charge Leonard with a little backbone. Picking the movie, knowing what he wants, a little cocky.
Leonard: Really?
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: Well, then, I’m putting sex back on the table. What do you think about that?
Penny: Ooh. Maybe I like it.
Leonard: You do? Because if that’s what you like, I can be that guy. I swear, I’ll be anything you want me to be.
Penny: Good night, Leonard.
Leonard: I am such an asthmatic dumbass. I had a weird night.
Sheldon: Mine was great. I’m going to be a mommy. (Reveals nest with an egg in it.)
 								
			
				Scene: The comic book store.
Howard: It’s amazing people keep coming to comic book stores instead of just downloading comics digitally.
Leonard: It’s probably for the best. For a lot of these guys, the weekly trip here is the only chance their mom has to go down to the basement and change their sheets.
Howard: Oh, that reminds me, I get fresh sheets tonight. Yay.
Sheldon: Well? What do you think of New Comic Book Night? Magic, huh?
Amy: Sheldon, I’m disappointed. As a brilliant man, you’re entitled to a vice. I could understand frequenting an opium den or hunting your fellow man for sport. But this? Lame-o.
Sheldon: Well, A, comic books employ storytelling through sequential art, a medium that dates back 17,000 years to the cave paintings of Lascaux, and B, you play the harp. Like that’s cool.
Stuart: Can I help you find anything?
Amy: A comic that depicts a woman whose bosom can’t be used as a floatation device.
Stuart: Sorry. Most of the guys who come in here like big boobs. Couple of them have big boobs.
Raj: Hey, look, the new Warlords of Ka’a expansion pack is out.
Howard: A new one? Unbelievable. They just keep making up more cheesy monsters, slapping them on cards and selling them at 25 bucks a pop. It’s like a secret tax on guys who can’t get laid.
Raj: They’re not even trying. Remember the Satanimals pack with the Hellephant? Why, absurd. What was he, a bad elephant who died and went to hell? What could an elephant possibly do that would cause him eternal damnation?
Howard: Wild West and Witches? What kind of loser cares about a showdown between Billy the Kid and the White Wizard of the North?
Raj: A total loser. Obviously a guy with a six-shooter beats an old man with a magic wand.
Leonard: Well, ho-hold on. What if the wizard casts a Helmet of Confusion spell on Billy the Kid’s cowboy hat?
Howard: What? Please! This is Billy the Kid we’re talking about. I mean, the wizard would get shot between the eyes before he could ever get out the words, what the hell is Billy the Kid doing in the mystic realm of Ka’a?
Stuart: Leonard, what’s the deal with Sheldon’s friend Amy? Are they a couple?
Leonard: Couple of weirdos. Why?
Howard: You interested in Amy?
Stuart: Well, I mean, she didn’t look through me with soul-sucking, ball-shriveling hatred and contempt. I like that in a woman. Could you run it by Sheldon if I could ask her out?
Leonard: Sure. I guess.
Raj: Stuart, settle an argument for us. Who would win, Billy the Kid or the White Wizard?
Stuart: If I tell you that, I’m robbing you of the hours of fun you could have for the magical, rootin’ tootin’ low price of $24.95.
Raj: I’ll take one.
Howard: Mmm, make it two.
Leonard: I hate all of you and myself. Three.
Stuart: I’ll ring it up. Like shooting nerds in a barrel.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Hey, can I talk to you about something? It’s a little awkward.
Sheldon: I know what this is about. Given the professional standstill you’re at, you’re wondering if this is the appropriate time to abandon your research and focus on teaching. Yes. And if I may suggest, consider changing disciplines. Yeah, to the humanities, perhaps history. One of the advantages of teaching history is that you don’t have to create things, you know, you just have to remember stuff that happened and then parrot it back. You could have fun with that.
Leonard: Yeah, that’s not it. Stuart’s kind of interested in Amy.
Sheldon: Oh, of course he is. She’s very interesting. Did you know, when she was 14, she severed the webbing between her own toes?
Leonard: No. He wanted me to find out if you’d have a problem with him asking her out.
Sheldon: I’m not sure how to respond, Leonard. I don’t own Amy. Can’t own a person. At least not since? 1863. President Lincoln freed the? Slaves! Come on Leonard, if you’re going to teach history, these are the kind of facts you’ll have to know.
Leonard: You know what? Never mind. I’m going to tell him it’s okay to ask her out.
Sheldon: The question is moot. There is no way that Stuart, an impoverished peddler of picture books, would be at all appealing to Amy Farrah Fowler, a noted neurobiologist capable of performing surgery on her own feet with nothing but nitrous oxide from cans of whipped cream as anesthesia.
Leonard: All right, but just for the record, I checked in with you to see how you’d feel about it.
Sheldon: Fine. The record shall so reflect. Now, getting back to the problem at hand, what to do with a washed-up experimental physicist.
Leonard: I am not washed-up.
Sheldon: Oh, Leonard. Lots of people love you and want to help you, but they can’t until you admit the problem.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Well, ladies, we killed the bottle.
Amy: I had half a glass.
Bernadette: I didn’t have any.
Penny: Okay, don’t judge me. So, what do you want to do, go to the movies, go dancing, lay down for a little bit?
Amy: Or we play Travel Twister.
Bernadette: Amy, really? Twister?
Amy: Excuse me. I’ve passed many an enjoyable evening playing this game. And I’m sure it’s a lot more exciting when you play with other people. What do you say, bestie? We can do shirts and skins. I’m shirts. Called it.
Bernadette: I’m too small for Twister. And roller coasters. And sitting with my feet on the floor. Hope you enjoyed the prenatal cigarettes, Mom.
Penny: Hey, you know, my mom smoked pot when she was pregnant with me, and I turned out just fine. Hey, look, I have peach schnapps. Thank God.
Amy (reading a text on her phone): Guys, something happened.
Penny: What’s wrong?
Amy: I think a boy likes me.
Bernadette (reading): Hi. It’s Stuart. We met at the comic book store. I was wondering if you’d like to get coffee sometime. It’s okay if you say no. It might be the kick in the pants I need to start taking Zoloft.
Penny: Amy, little vixen. Just working it under all those layers of wool and polyester.
Bernadette: What are you going to do? Doesn’t he know you have a boyfriend?
Penny: Oh, she doesn’t have a boyfriend, she has a Sheldon. So do you like Stuart?
Amy: I don’t know. He’s nice. He’s funny. He has the sallow, drawn countenance associated with an overactive thyroid gland. That’s kind of hot.
Penny: Okay, look, sweetie, we all love Sheldon, but you’ve been with him over a year now. If it’s not going anywhere, what does it hurt to look around?
Bernadette: Well, yeah, I guess they’re not engaged like me and Howie.
Penny: Yeah, for what it’s worth, engaged people can look around, too. Lot of options out there.
Scene: The comic book store.
Sheldon: Where’s Stuart?
Speccy Guy Behind Counter (sniggering): Out.
Sheldon: Who are you?
Speccy Guy: I’m Dale. He left me in charge.
Leonard: Really?
Dale: Yeah. I don’t get it, either.
Leonard: I want to return this Wild West and Witches Ka’a expansion pack.
Dale: Sorry. I don’t do returns. They’re hard.
Leonard: Sure, sure. Uh, when will Stuart be back?
Dale: I don’t know. He went out for coffee. With a girl.
Sheldon: Oh, I guess I was wrong.
Leonard: You okay?
Sheldon: Am I okay? Leonard, I’m on a lifelong trajectory that includes a Nobel Prize and cities named after me, all four wisdom teeth fit comfortably in my mouth without need of extraction, and my bowel movements run like a German train schedule. Am I okay?
Dale: I’m okay, too!
Scene: The apartment. They are playing Warlords of Ka’a.
Raj: Wild Bill Witchcock.
Leonard: A tribe of Abra-Comanches.
Sheldon: Flaming Spittoon. And for the record, I’m very disappointed in you cowpokes. We’re playing our inaugural round of Wild West and Witches, and I’m the only one who bothered to dress for the occasion. (Spits into a spittoon) Patooie.
Howard: We’re not wearing cowboy hats, Sheldon. It looks ridiculous.
Sheldon: And I suppose my boots and spurs are ridiculous, too?
Leonard: Yeah.
Howard: Very.
Raj: Incredibly so.
Sheldon: Did it look ridiculous when we got the Satanimals pack and I dressed up as a Beelzebobcat?
Leonard: Yeah.
Howard: Very.
Raj: Incredibly so.
Sheldon: All right, fine. Let’s just play.
Leonard: We should go easy on him. Amy’s out with Stuart tonight.
Howard: Wait a minute. Are you telling me that Sheldon’s patented blend of condescension and no sex isn’t enough to hold on to a woman?
Sheldon: Cluck, cluck, cluck. What are we, ladies at a quilting bee? Or are we men playing a fantasy card game set in a magical frontier town?
Howard: Sorry. Creepy Tepee.
Raj: Annie Ogly.
Leonard: Hocus Pocus Pocahontas.
Sheldon: And may I point out it is the three of you who are obsessed with Stuart and Amy, not me. I think you need to ask yourselves who’s really being ridiculous here. (Walks away with spurs jangling)
Leonard: It’s you.
Howard: You are.
Raj: Totally you.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Raj: Hey, guys, check it out. The deluxe limited edition Wild West and Witches expansion pack in the signed and numbered collector’s tin.
Leonard: Oh come on, no! We just bought the regular pack.
Howard: Ooh, a sheriff’s badge.
Raj: Yeah, it’s also a wand.
Leonard: With a hologram? Nice. Hey, do you see this?
Sheldon: I’m in the matrix, Leonard, I see everything.
Leonard: You’ve got to be kidding me. You friended Stuart on Facebook?
Howard: I thought you didn’t like Facebook anymore.
Sheldon: Don’t be silly. I’m a fan of anything that tries to replace actual human contact.
Raj: Please. You’re looking at Facebook to find out how their date went.
Sheldon: Really? You think I care if a man, what, shared a pumpkin latte with a dynamite lady?
Raj: You’re so full of it.
Sheldon: You are free to believe whatever you like. And unfriend Rajesh Koothrappali.
Raj: You unfriended me? Seriously?
Howard: Oh, yeah. Now he’s gonna miss all those great updates like, I can’t believe I waited this long to make my own potpourri.
Leonard: Sheldon, why don’t you just acknowledge that you have feelings for Amy and you don’t want her going out with other men?
Sheldon: And unfriend Leonard Hofstadter.
Howard: Here’s a radical thought. Go old-school, challenge Stuart to a fight. I mean, nothing makes the ladies hotter than two skinny white guys swatting at each other with their eyes closed.
Sheldon: And unfriend Howard Wolowitz.
Leonard: That’s all of us. Can I use the laptop?
Sheldon: Why?
Leonard: I have to buy that stupid collector’s tin.
Scene: Penny’s apartment door. Sheldon knocks three times.
Penny (off): Who do we love?
Sheldon: Penny. (Knock, knock, knock)
Penny (off): Who do we love?
Sheldon: Penny. (Knock, knock, knock)
Penny (off): Who do we love?
Sheldon: Penny.
Penny: Hello, Sheldon. Come on in.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Penny: What’s up?
Sheldon: I came to ask if you would like to go on a date with me.
Penny: I’m sorry, what?
Sheldon: A date. You and me. Dining, dancing, perhaps you’d like to take in a prizefight.
Penny: God, are you trying to make Amy jealous?
Sheldon: No. Why is everyone so obsessed with Amy and Stuart? And whether or not they may be having more pumpkin lattes or intercourse tonight.
Penny: Okay, listen to me. Playing games is not gonna help get Amy back.
Sheldon: I am not trying to get her back. But, out of curiosity, what is a way?
Penny: All right, honey, let me tell you a story. There was a guy I liked, and I never told him how I felt. Eventually, he started going out with someone else, and I always regretted it. Do you see where I’m going with this?
Sheldon: I believe I do.
Penny: Mm.
Sheldon: I’m the guy.
Penny: You’re not the guy.
Sheldon: Are you sure? That would explain so much. Your constant presence in my apartment, that baffling dalliance with Leonard just to be near me, the way you call me sweetie all the time.
Penny: I call everyone sweetie.
Sheldon: You tramp.
Penny: Look, Sheldon, all I’m saying is strap on a pair and go talk to Amy.
Sheldon: Strap on a pair? Of what, skates?
Penny: Oh, sweetie, you are so not the guy.
Scene: A cinema.
Stuart: If you’re bored, you can go. I understand.
Amy: No, I’m having a nice time.
Stuart: Don’t patronize me.
Sheldon: Excuse me. Excuse me. Pardon me. Pardon me. Excuse me. Hi, Stuart.
Stuart: Hi, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Pardon me. Excuse me.
Amy: Sheldon, what are you doing here?
Sheldon: The thought of you sitting in a darkened theatre with a character like Stuart is repellent. No offence, Stuart.
Stuart: None taken. Although repellent is kind of a, kind of a strong word.
Amy: I’m sorry this causes you discomfort, but based on the currently established parameters of our relationship, I can put myself in any repellent situation I want.
Stuart: Um, again…
Sheldon: Stuart, please. You’re being rude.
Amy: Anything else?
Sheldon: I believe I would like to alter the paradigm of our relationship.
Amy: I’m listening.
Sheldon: With the understanding that nothing changes whatsoever, physical or otherwise, I would not object to us no longer characterizing you as not my girlfriend.
Amy: Interesting. Now try it without the quadruple negative.
Sheldon: You’re being impossible.
Amy: Hi, Stuart.
Sheldon: Fine. Amy, will you be my girlfriend?
Amy: Yes.
Sheldon: Well, that’s enough of that. Sorry to interrupt. You two enjoy your date. Here’s a dollar for your troubles. Get yourself some Sour Patch Kids.
Scene: Outside Amy’s apartment.
Stuart: So, other than you taking your relationship to the next level with another guy, this was nice.
Amy: Yes, well, thanks for seeing me to my door.
Stuart: Oh, you’re welcome.
Sheldon (inside): (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. Let’s wrap things up out there.
Amy: Um, good night, Stuart.
Stuart: Good night.
Sheldon (inside): Take the hint, Stuart. The lady said good night.
Amy: How did you get into my apartment?
Sheldon: Wow. Is that the kind of nagging I can expect now that you’re my girlfriend? Good thing I drew this up.
Amy: What’s that?
Sheldon: I present to you the relationship agreement. A binding covenant that, in its 31 pages, enumerates, iterates and codifies the rights and responsibilities of Sheldon Lee Cooper, here and after known as the boyfriend, and Amy Farrah Fowler, here and after known as the girlfriend.
Amy: It’s so romantic.
Sheldon: Mutual indemnification always is. Why don’t you start perusing while I set up my notary stamp.
Amy: Section 5: Hand-holding. Hand-holding is only allowed under the following circumstances. A: Either party is in danger of falling off a cliff, precipice or ledge. B: Either party is deserving of a hearty handshake after winning a Nobel Prize. C: Moral support during flu shots. Seems a bit restrictive.
Sheldon: Feel free to retain a lawyer.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. The girls are playing twister.
Amy: Penny, I said right hand red.
Penny (picking up wine): Yeah, I heard you. I got red.
Amy: Bernadette, left foot yellow.
Bernadette: We should play limbo next. No one beats me at limbo.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Bernadette.
Amy: That’s my boyfriend. It’s open!
Sheldon: I got a splinter.
Amy: What do you want me to do about it?
Sheldon: Relationship agreement Section 4, Boo-boos and Ouchies. You have to take care of it.
Amy: I should’ve gotten a lawyer.
Bernadette: Looks like it’s just us playing. (Penny snores) Penny? (Penny snores louder) Penny, we’re out of wine!
Penny (waking, bleary): You should probably drive.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Penny (entering): Hi. Did Sheldon change the Wi-Fi password again?
Leonard: Yeah, it’s “Penny already eats our food, she can pay for Wi-Fi.” No spaces.
Penny: Okay. If you can’t get me to stop eating your food, what makes you think you can get me to stop using your Wi-Fi?
Sheldon: I believe that you’re capable of great change. Like when I finally got you to stop saying Valentimes Day.
Leonard: You want to hear something weird?
Penny: Sure.
Sheldon: In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an honorary Harlem Globetrotter.
Leonard: What are you talking about?
Sheldon: You asked Penny if she wanted to hear something weird.
Leonard: Yeah, because I have something weird to tell her.
Sheldon: Oh. I thought it was a game.
Penny: What’s yours?
Leonard: There’s this guy, Jimmy Speckerman, who used to torment me in high school. He sent me a message through Facebook. He’s in town and wants to have drinks.
Sheldon: Okay, Penny, if it were a game, here are your choices. An e-mail from an old acquaintance, or the head of one of the largest religious institutions in the world slam dunking to Sweet Georgia Brown. Pick.
Leonard: Just do it, ’cause he’s not gonna let it go.
Penny: Basketball Pope.
Sheldon: And that’s how it’s done.
Penny: What are you gonna do about your bully? Are you gonna see him?
Leonard: I don’t know.
Sheldon: Is this the fellow who peed in your Hawaiian Punch?
Leonard: No, that was a different guy.
Sheldon: Was he the one who wedgied you so hard, your testicle reascended, and you spent your whole Christmas break waiting for it to come back down?
Leonard: No, that was a different, different guy.
Sheldon: Was he the one who used your head to open a nut?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Oh, oh, oh. Was he the one who made you eat your arm hair?
Leonard: No, but, actually, that was this guy’s sister.
Penny: All right, well, what do you think he wants?
Leonard: I don’t know.
Sheldon: You know, the holidays are just around the corner. Maybe he wants to see if he can lodge the other testicle up there.
Leonard: I told you. That was a different guy.
Penny: Hmm. That’s too bad. We could have spent New Year’s Eve waiting for the ball to drop.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: It’s two a.m. What are you doing up?
Sheldon: Nobel Prize acceptance ceremony streaming live from Stockholm.
Leonard: Sure. You want to see what all the scientists are wearing this year.
Sheldon: Look at these men. They’ve managed to win the top science prize in the world with no more understanding of the quantum underpinnings of the expansion of the early universe than God gave a goose. You should pay attention, Leonard. Someday this could be you up there.
Leonard: Thanks.
Sheldon: So, what’s got you up? Did you have a bad clam?
Leonard: I didn’t have clams.
Sheldon: I don’t watch you 24 hours a day. I don’t know what you do.
Leonard: It’s this Jimmy Speckerman thing. I can’t decide if I should agree to see him or not. Of course that might be because the last time I ran into him, he made me floss with my own shoelaces.
Sheldon: Wear loafers. Look at Dr. Saul Perlmutter up there, clutching that Nobel Prize. What’s the matter, Saul? You afraid someone’s going to steal it? Like you stole Einstein’s cosmological constant?
Leonard: You know what? I am tired of living in fear of this guy. I’m gonna go see him and finally say all the things I should have said in high school. You know, pick on someone your own size, you did not have sex with my mother, and yes, I do know why I’m hitting myself.”
Sheldon: Oh, now Perlmutter’s shaking the King’s hand. Yeah, check for your watch, Gustaf. He might have lifted it.
Scene: Penny’s bedroom.
Bernadette: I love this dress. How come I never see you wear it?
Penny: ‘Cause when I wear it, it’s a shirt. So, what’s Howard doing tonight?
Bernadette: Oh, they all went with Leonard to confront his childhood bully.
Penny: Oh, terrific. High school quarterback against four mathletes.
Amy: When Leonard gets back, I’d love to check his serotonin levels. Do you think he’d let me draw a syringe full of his blood?
Penny: Hmm, he’s not crazy about needles, but if you get him to go jogging, it’ll just pour out of his nose.
Bernadette: I don’t think I can meet the girl who was always mean to me. Tammy Bodnick. One time while I was in gym class, she stole all my clothes and left an elf costume in my locker.
Penny: Oh, that’s awful.
Bernadette: Worst part was, it was too big.
Amy: That’s nothing. In ninth grade, the girls put Rogaine in my hand lotion. Within six months, the nicknames began to fly. I think the one that hurt the most was Gorilla Fingers Fowler.
Penny: Wow. You poor thing.
Bernadette: What about you?
Penny: Oh. I don’t know. I guess my school was a nice place. We didn’t really have bullies.
Amy: Come on, no one ever gave anyone mean nicknames or picked on them or put gum in their hairy knuckles so the school nurse had to use peanut butter to get it out?
Penny: No, we weren’t really like that. I mean, look, we played pranks on each other, but it was never mean. Like, okay, this one girl, Kathy Geiger, got really good grades, so we blindfolded her, tied her up and left her in a cornfield overnight.
Bernadette: Oh, my God, that’s awful.
Penny: No, it was funny. Everyone laughed.
Amy: Did Kathy Geiger laugh?
Penny: Uh, probably. It’s hard to say. She kind of had an ear of corn in her mouth.
Amy: Who would have thought Fuzzy Fingers Fowler is best friends with a bully?
Penny: What? I was not a bully.
Bernadette: Kind of sounds like you were. And maybe a felon.
Amy: Shh. That’s how you wind up in a cornfield.
Scene: A bar.
Raj: Is that him over there?
Leonard: No.
Raj: How about that guy? He looks like he’d hate you.
Leonard: You know, I can really do this by myself.
Howard: Hey, we’re here to support you, buddy.
Leonard: No, you’re not. You’re here to see if I get my underwear pulled over my head.
Howard: You wore underwear? You fool.
Raj: So, have you figured out what you’re going to say to him?
Leonard: You bet. I am going to make him apologize for all the crap he pulled on me in school.
Howard: That’s quite a list. I can’t read your handwriting, what’s that word?
Leonard: Scrotum.
Raj: What’s that one?
Leonard: Uh, stapled.
Jimmy (arriving): Leonard.
Leonard: Oh, hi.
Jimmy: Holy crap, man, it’s good to see you.
Leonard: Yeah. You, too. Uh, Jimmy, this is Sheldon and Raj and Howard.
Jimmy: Hi. Fellas. Hey, can I get a beer? Wow. Look at you. Little Leonard Hofstadter. I hear you’re a big-time scientist now.
Sheldon: And there’s the first zinger. Ouch.
Leonard: I’m doing okay, I guess.
Jimmy: Okay? Come on, I read online you’re a physicist at a university, you won some medal.
Leonard: The Newcomb medal.
Jimmy: Yeah, congratulations.
Sheldon: Congratulations? The Newcomb medal? Oh, please. That’s the scientific equivalent of a smiley face sticker on your homework.
Jimmy: From what I read, it sounded like a big deal.
Sheldon: Oh, good Lord, are we going to stand here and listen to him tear Leonard apart like this?
Raj: Hey, I won a Newcomb medal, too.
Sheldon: My point.
Jimmy: You should have seen this guy back in the day. Huh? He was so little, he could fit in just about anywhere. Lockers, trash cans. Oh, man, how did you get inside that backpack?
Leonard: Oh, I can’t take all the credit. You helped a lot.
Jimmy: Yeah. We were practically a comedy team.
Howard: Like the Black Death and Europe.
Leonard: Jimmy, I’m kind of curious why you wanted to see me.
Jimmy: Okay, here it is. I have this great money-making idea. I just need a gear head to get it to the finish line.
Sheldon: Technically, Howard’s the gear head. Leonard’s just a dime store laser jockey.
Leonard: What’s the idea?
Jimmy: This is just between us, right?
Leonard: Right.
Jimmy: Okay. What do you think about a pair of glasses that makes any movie you want into 3D?
Raj: That sounds amazing. First movie I’m watching, Annie.
Howard: How exactly would these glasses work?
Jimmy: How the hell should I know? That’s why I need a nerd.
Leonard: I don’t think something like that’s even possible.
Jimmy: Aw, come on, you can figure it out. You’re like the smartest guy I’ve ever known.
Sheldon: The smartest? All right, you know, I may not have a firm grasp on sarcasm, but even I know that was a doozy. Leonard, you can’t live in fear of this man forever.
Leonard: Sheldon, I got this.
Sheldon: You clearly don’t. What my spineless friend lacks the courage to say is you’re a terrible person who took advantage of his tiny size, his uncoordinated nature and his congenital lack of masculinity.
Leonard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Leonard, I platonically love you, man, but face it, you’re a mess.
Jimmy: I don’t understand.
Leonard: I think what he’s trying to say is that maybe in high school you picked on me a little bit.
Sheldon: A little bit? The man Super Glued Hershey’s Kisses to your nipples.
Raj: That’s funny because those aren’t the kind of kisses you want on your nipples.
Jimmy: What is that?
Sheldon: This is a list of your heinous acts against Leonard. One of which is certainly the cause of him wetting his bed well into his teens.
Leonard: 14 is not, oh , yeah, never mind.
Jimmy: What’s this word?
Leonard: Nancy. You called me Nancy for three years.
Sheldon: You really need to work on your penmanship.
Jimmy: Oh, man, I, I don’t know what to say. I always thought we were just having some fun.
Leonard: It wasn’t fun for me.
Sheldon: You’re being too kind, Leonard. You ruined him.
Leonard: Come on, guys.
Raj: That was pretty badass, dude.
Sheldon: I help the weak. It’s yet another way I’m exactly like Batman.
Leonard: Hey, for the record, Jimmy wasn’t the reason I wet the bed. That one has my mother written all over it.
Scene: Penny’s bedroom. Penny is on the phone.
Penny: Anyway, I’m really sorry I made fun of your stutter in high school.
Bernadette: You’re doing great.
Penny: Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Oh, God, just finish the sentence. Okay, well, I’m sorry you feel that way. Bye. No one wants to hear my apologies.
Amy: I think your mistake is doing it over the phone. If they could look into your eyes, they’d melt.
Bernadette: Penny, it doesn’t matter what you did in the past. You’re a good person now.
Penny: That’s easy for you to say. You weren’t just called a b-b-b-b-bitch.
Amy: Perhaps you could assuage your guilt through altruism. Which word’s tripping you up? Assuage or altruism?
Penny: Both.
Bernadette: You’ll feel better by doing something nice for someone.
Penny: I actually knew that.
Amy: I never doubted you.
Bernadette: Every other week I serve at a soup kitchen downtown.
Penny: Ooh, I can’t do that. If I stand over a steaming pot, my hair just goes boing! What else could I do?
Amy: There’s Habitat for Humanity, building houses for the poor.
Penny: Okay, come on, I don’t even have my own house, I’m going to build one for someone else?
Amy: How about donating some of your clothes?
Penny: Oh, my God, that’s perfect. ‘Cause I have so many clothes I don’t wear, and they’re just taking up space, and I go shopping to buy more stuff and I have no place to put it. This will totally fix that.
Bernadette: What about helping people?
Penny: And helping people.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Here’s your cocoa.
Sheldon: Oh, half and half instead of whole milk?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Heated to precisely 183 degrees?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Seven little marshmallows, no more no less?
Leonard: You got one for good luck. (Knock on door) I’ll get it.
Sheldon: One for good luck. Must be the kind of math they do at Princeton.
Jimmy: Hey.
Leonard: What are you doing here?
Jimmy: I want to apologize for stapling your balls and throwing you naked in the girls’ locker room, stuffing that parrot down your pants. What’s this word?
Leonard: Laxative.
Jimmy: Oh, right. Junior prom. That was not cool, man. I am so, so sorry.
Leonard: Really?
Jimmy: Yeah. I just hope you can forgive me.
Leonard: Uh, yeah. Sure, I guess.
Jimmy: You’re a beautiful guy.
Leonard: Well, yeah, thanks, Jimmy.
Jimmy: Okay, I got to go.
Leonard: Are you okay to drive?
Jimmy: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I drive better drunk. You know, it makes you pay attention.
Leonard: No, no, no, come on in. I’ll make you a cup of coffee.
Jimmy: I wouldn’t be imposing?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Yes.
Leonard: Sheldon, we can’t let him drive.
Sheldon: Then take away his keys and make him wander the streets with the other drunks.
Leonard: You remember Sheldon and Raj and Howard.
Jimmy: Not really, no. It’s funny, huh, Leonard? Back in school, I was the winner and you were the loser. And now we’re reversed. You’re the winner.
Sheldon: You’d think a winner could make a decent cup of cocoa.
Jimmy: You mind if I use your bathroom?
Leonard: Yeah, just back there.
Howard: How about that? After all these years, your big bad high school bully finally apologizes.
Leonard: Yeah. It kind of rekindles your faith in the basic goodness of people.
Sheldon: You know what would be nice?
Raj: What’s that?
Sheldon: As a symbolic gesture to all the bullies who’ve tormented us for years, we open our home to Jimmy and once he’s asleep we kill him. I said it would be nice, I didn’t say we should do it.
Scene: The clothing bank.
Penny: Ah, I feel just like Mother Teresa. Except for the virgin part. That ship sailed a long time ago.
Bernadette: I think Mother Teresa would have washed the clothes first.
Penny: Yeah, well, I bet her laundry room wasn’t down five flights of stairs. You know, giving really is better than receiving. I used to think it was such a cliche, but it seems to be the… oh, look at these cute jeans someone just threw away.
Bernadette: Donated.
Penny: Yes, to a poor waitress who loves a boot cut.
Bernadette: Penny.
Penny: Come on, they would be so cute on me, and, ah, they go great with this sweater!
Amy: I don’t think Mother Teresa… Oh, that is adorable.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Leonard.
Leonard: Yeah.
Sheldon: In case it comes up again, this right here is an imposition.
Leonard: What was I supposed to do? He needed a place to sleep it off.
Sheldon: You’re soft. This world’s going to chew you up and spit you out.
Jimmy (belching): When did I have tacos?
Leonard: Morning, Jimmy.
Sheldon: Oh, there it is, tacos.
Jimmy: Man, I tied one on.
Leonard: Yeah, you did. So, uh, listen, it was great to see you again. And , and, and thanks for the apology.
Jimmy: What apology?
Leonard: For all the crappy stuff you did to me in high school.
Jimmy: Geez, you’re still harping on that? What a puss.
Leonard: That’s my French toast.
Jimmy: It’s good. You really know your way around a kitchen, Nancy.
Sheldon: I’m not going to say I told you so, but we could have killed him.
Leonard: I might kill him right now.
Sheldon: The Dark Knight has your back. He’s scared, but he has your back.
Leonard: Okay, Jimmy, it’s time for you to go.
Jimmy: Yeah, all right, let me just finish this.
Leonard: No, you’re done. I want you out of my apartment right now.
Sheldon: Well said, Boy Wonder.
Jimmy: Or what?
Sheldon: Don’t answer that. It’s a trick question. I speak from experience.
Leonard: I’m not afraid of you any more, Jimmy. Now get out! (Pushes him) Uh-oh.
Scene: Running down the stairwell.
Sheldon: You did it, Leonard, you stood up to your bully.
Leonard: Yeah, I feel pretty good about myself. You think we can outrun him?
Sheldon: I don’t need to outrun him, I just need to outrun you.
Scene: The clothes bank.
Bernadette: I don’t feel good about this.
Penny: Then sit in the car and keep it running.
Amy: You were right, a whole new load.
Penny: Come on, yoga top. Mama needs a new yoga top.
Amy: Check it out, Bernadette, suede boots, your size.
Bernadette: God, they’re cute. Oh, why did they have to be cute?
Penny: Wait, wait, wait, guys, just hang on.
Amy: What is it, the fuzz?
Penny: Look at us. What are we doing?
Amy: I was gleefully following you to a life of crime, looking forward to the day we might be cell mates. I don’t know about Bernadette.
Penny: You know, this is wrong. Let’s put everything back. Here.
Bernadette (taking boots and running): It’s okay, I serve soup to poor people!
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Howard: Completely empty box. If you’d like to examine it?
Leonard: Mm-hmm. Yep. I see nothing in this box but a wasted childhood.
Howard: Little snarky there, cello lessons. And we have this completely ordinary cylinder. If you’d like to examine it?
Raj: Ordinary, yet I sense it is dripping with magical potential.
Sheldon: Oh, dear Lord. A man pops out for a moment to evacuate his bowels and catch up on the adventures of the Caped Crusader, only to emerge and discover his apartment has been transformed into a cabaret.
Leonard: Sheldon, he’s just practising for his cousin’s birthday party.
Howard: As I was saying, empty box, empty cylinder, and, ooh, voila. (Pulls out a goldfish in a jar)
Raj: I’m telling you, dude, there’s a seat on the Hogwarts Express with your name on it.
Sheldon: This is how you’re going to entertain your little cousin and his friends? By lying to them?
Howard: How is this lying?
Sheldon: A magic show is an inherently deceitful proposition. This is an ordinary top hat. You’ve chosen that card freely. I do not have a set of lock picks lodged in my keister.
Raj: Can’t you just enjoy the wonder, Sheldon? Why must you peek behind the curtain? Or up the butt?
Sheldon: If we poison the critical thinking faculties of children by telling them that rabbits come out of hats, then we create adults who believe in astrology and homeopathy and that Ryan Reynolds was a better choice for Green Lantern than lovable rogue Nathan Fillion.
Leonard: Sheldon, he’s just gonna do a few magic tricks for some kids. I really don’t think they’re gonna end up liking the Green Lantern movie.
Howard: Don’t be so hard on him. It’s natural to be a little cranky when you have a quarter in your ear!
Sheldon: Coins lodged in body parts is not a source of amusement. When I was five, Billy Sparks put a Mexican peso up my nose.
Howard: How is that not amusing?
Sheldon: It’s still there. Takes me 45 minutes to get through airport security. (Storms out)
Howard: Look, I made Sheldon disappear. Ta-da.
Leonard: Next time, you should open with that.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.
Penny: Ooh, look who’s out on a date. Pasadena’s favourite power couple, Shamy.
Sheldon: And that is the answer to the question, what is wrong with eating at The Cheesecake Factory?
Penny: So, are we celebrating anything special tonight?
Amy: Oh, yes. Our relationship agreement specifies that the second Thursday of every month, or the third Thursday in a month with five Thursdays, is date night.
Penny: That is so hot.
Sheldon: All right, without objection, the minutes of the previous date are considered read and agreed to. Any new business?
Amy: How was your day?
Sheldon: Superb. This morning I made a palindrome with my Alpha-Bits. Nice hat, Bob Tahecin.
Amy: Sounds like you hit the ground running. I have a bit of good news myself. My most recent paper on how a cooperative long-term potentiation can map memory sequences in dendritic branches made the cover of Neuron.
Sheldon: Ooh! Speaking of good news, somebody just hit 100 Twitter followers.
Amy: That’s nice. Anyway, I’ve been dreaming of this day for a long time.
Sheldon: Yeah, me, too. Triple digits, I’m not gonna lie, feels pretty good.
Amy: Sheldon, I’m the sole author on a paper being published in a distinguished journal that may change the course of my field.
Sheldon: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Ooh, 101! Air’s getting a bit thin up here.
Penny: So, are we ready to order?
Amy: Give me a minute. I’m gonna go wash up.
Sheldon: Well, that’s odd. We both washed up when we came in. It’s probably a euphemism for urination.
Penny: Sheldon, what is wrong with you?
Sheldon: Not much. Although, I can be faulted for being overly fond of koala bears. I don’t know what it is, when they smart munching on eucalyptus, I just melt inside.
Penny: Okay, Amy just told you some exciting news, and you acted like it was no big deal.
Sheldon: Oh, I see why you’re confused. No, her news sounded important, but what you’re forgetting is, it was an achievement in the field of biology. That’s all about yucky, squishy things.
Penny: Honey, she’s upset. You’re her boyfriend. You have to at least try to be excited by the things she’s excited by.
Sheldon: What if they simply don’t excite me?
Penny: Well, just smile and think about koalas.
Sheldon: She’d see right through that. We go to the zoo all the time. She knows my koala face. And for future reference, it’s this.
Scene: Howard’s bedroom.
Bernadette: Oh, you have a lot of magic stuff.
Howard: Yeah. I started when I was a teenager. I thought I could show a girl a few tricks and invite her up to my bedroom to see the rest of the act.
Bernadette: Did it work?
Howard: Ah, let’s just say the only wand that ever saw any action was this one. Oh, look what my mom made us for the act.
Bernadette: Ooh. I like the fabric. Where’d she get it?
Howard: Well, she cut up one of her old bathing suits. She made these two vests and half a dozen napkins.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Has she tried on the vest yet?
Howard: I just gave it to her!
Mrs Wolowitz (off): I hope it fits, she has a tricky figure! She’s short and stacked, like me!
Howard: She’s not stacked like you, Ma! She never steps on hers!
Bernadette: Listen, Howie, maybe I’m not the best choice to be a magician’s assistant.
Howard: You’ll do fine. Hand me those rings? See? You nailed it.
Bernadette: You know, i-it’s just that I’m not that comfortable with little kids.
Howard: Well, that’s because you haven’t been around them much. This is good practice. I mean, you are gonna be a mom someday, right?
Bernadette: Mmm, yeah, sure.
Howard: Oh-ho-ho! I haven’t seen this trick in years. It’s called the dove pan. You let everyone see the pan is empty, but there’s a secret compartment in the lid. And then you open it and produce a live… Don’t look in there.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Oh, a little Red Dead Redemption, huh?
Sheldon: Yes.
Leonard: How come you’re not doing a mission? You’re just wandering around.
Sheldon: Had a rough night. I thought I’d go for a walk and clear my head.
Leonard: Some people go outside and do that.
Sheldon: It’s after nine o’clock, at this hour the streets of Pasadena are teeming with drunken sailors and alley cats.
Leonard: You want to talk about it?
Sheldon: No. I think I’ll just go in this saloon and drink my troubles away.
Leonard: You know digital alcohol is never a solution. What’s going on?
Sheldon: Hard as this may be to believe, it’s possible that I’m not boyfriend material.
Leonard: Glad I was sitting down for that. Did you and Amy get in a fight?
Sheldon: Amy had a fight. I was being perfectly reasonable. I’m gonna have a whiskey. Do you want anything?
Leonard: No, I can’t. I’m playing Grand Theft Auto later. Look, I’m no expert in women.
Sheldon: I’ll say.
Leonard: That’s not necessary when someone’s trying to help you.
Sheldon: I’m sorry. It’s the alcohol talking. Go on.
Leonard: Sometimes with women you want to listen to what upsets them and then show them that you can grow and change.
Sheldon: Nuts to that. What else you got?
Leonard: I don’t know what to tell you. Buy her something.
Sheldon: How does that work?
Leonard: Well, you skip over any attempt to repair your emotional connection and you win back her affection with an empty financial gesture.
Sheldon: Well, that approach has Sheldon Cooper written all over it.
Leonard: Glad I could help.
Sheldon: It’s appreciated. And if you ever manage to find a woman again, I’ll be glad to return the favour.
Scene: The birthday party.
Howard: And now, all the rings are magically linked together. My fiancee’s wearing a magic ring, too. It made all my money disappear.
Bernadette: Oh, ah, right. (Bangs drum and cymbal) And now, the great Howdini’s next miraculous illusion.
Child: When are we gonna have cake?
Bernadette: After you’ve been thoroughly amazed.
Child: But we want cake now.
Bernadette: Well, you’re not getting cake right now, capisce?
Howard: Okay. Okay. Now, my lovely assistant is going to bring me an ordinary pitcher of milk.
Second child: I know how you do that trick.
Bernadette: Do you know how to pipe down?
Howard: Okay, we’re going to roll up this newspaper.
Second child: It’s a fake pitcher.
Bernadette: You got wax in your ears? The man said it’s an ordinary pitcher. Howdini.
Howard: Okay, we’re going to stick this in here (puts newspaper into trouser waistband) and then I’m going to pour in the milk. I hope this works, because I didn’t bring a change of pants.
Second child: Look, I Googled it. It’s a fake pitcher.
Bernadette: That’s it. No cake for you. Anyone else want to join the No Cake Club?
Howard: She’s just kidding, boys and girls. Everyone gets cake.
Bernadette: Not him.
Howard: Just give me the pitcher. Behold! Wrong pitcher.
Scene: Bernadette’s car.
Bernadette: I told you I’m not good with kids.
Howard: Yes, you did. Oh, I think my crotch is starting to curdle.
Bernadette: The thing is, my mother worked full-time. I had to take care of my brothers and sisters.
Howard: Yeah, so?
Bernadette: Ugh, it was horrible. With their snotty noses and their poopy diapers and their little shrieky voices, always complaining. I don’t want to get dressed. Joey keeps spitting in my mouth. This isn’t the way Mom makes waffles. Well, okay, put your hand in here. Let’s see how you like this waffle!
Howard: All right, settle down. Red light. Red light, red light! Okay, we’re fine.
Bernadette: I’m sorry. I know it makes me sound like a bad person, but I just don’t like children.
Howard: Yeah, no, we all got that. But don’t you think it’ll be different when the child is ours?
Bernadette: Right, when it’s our kid that’s ruined my body and kept me up all night and I’ve got no career and no future and nothing to be happy about for the next 20 years, sure, that’ll be completely different.
Howard: Well, yeah.
Scene: A jewellery store.
Sheldon: I don’t think there’s anything in this jewellery store that Amy would appreciate more than the humidifier we were just looking at at Sears.
Penny: Oh, my God, now I know what I sound like to you when I say stupid stuff.
Sheldon: Ooh, a pocket watch.
Penny: Okay, I don’t think Amy wants a pocket watch.
Sheldon: No, but maybe she wants a man with a pocket watch.
Penny: Still saying stupid stuff. Ooh, does she like bracelets?
Sheldon: Well, she’s very fond of her silver one that says allergic to penicillin. Maybe they have a dressier version of that?
Assistant: Well, how are we doing this afternoon? Are we looking for anything special? Perhaps a ring for the lady?
Penny: (Snorts) Trust me, we are not a couple.
Sheldon: Excuse me. I don’t see why you get to snort derisively and point that out. You’d be lucky to land a fella like me.
Penny: Fine, go ahead.
Sheldon: (Snorts) Trust me, we are not a couple.
Assistant: My apologies. How can I help you today?
Penny: He’s in trouble with his girlfriend and needs to buy her a present.
Assistant: Great, trouble with girlfriends is what’s putting my daughter through USC.
Penny: Ooh, are these real diamonds?
Assistant: Yes. Channel set baguettes, 20 points total weight.
Sheldon: Remarkable. Diamonds, crystallized carbon. Every day, people go to the grocery store and come home with sacks full of carbon in the form of charcoal briquettes that they toss in their barbeques and set on fire. But just because you’ve got some carbon with the atoms stacked neatly, you expect me to plunk down thousands of dollars.
Assistant: Actually, that’s only 750. Everything’s on sale.
Sheldon: Really. Talk to me about that pocket watch.
Scene: The apartment. The guys are playing Donkey Kong Jenga.
Howard: I’m still trying to wrap my mind around it. I always thought I’d be a dad someday.
Raj: Oh, me, too. You’re so caring. I’ve often pictured you guiding a young boy into manhood.
Leonard: There you go, Howard. Sounds like Raj’ll have your babies, problem solved.
Raj: Hey, just because a man shows caring for another man doesn’t mean he’s displaying the love that dare not speak its name. Did she definitely say she didn’t want kids?
Howard: Yeah, she doesn’t like them. And from what I saw, the feeling was mutual.
Leonard: What are you gonna do?
Howard: I don’t know. I can’t see a life where I don’t have kids. I mean, people have kids. I mean, even Donkey Kong had Donkey Kong Jr. So he could teach someone how to kidnap princesses and throw barrels at Italian plumbers.
Leonard: You know, there’s no guarantee even if you have kids that you’re going to like them.
Raj: Wow, that’s rough. Where’d you get that?
Leonard: It’s right off the dust jacket of my mom’s last book.
Howard: Maybe me and Bernadette aren’t right for each other.
Leonard: Look, Howard, I’d say there’s a lot of fish in the sea, but I watched you dangle your hook in the water for years. Do not throw her back.
Howard: I don’t want to, but this is kind of a deal breaker.
Raj: What’s your mom going to say if you call off the wedding?
Howard: Huh, it’ll kill her. On the other hand, if I don’t give her grandchildren, that’ll kill her, too. So, either way, on the Mom front, I’m golden.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: What time did you tell Amy to be here?
Penny: Eight o’clock. (Sheldon checks pocket watch) Sheldon, that pocket watch is ridiculous.
Sheldon: Nonsense. I look like a train conductor. Under what pretext did you lure her here?
Penny: I said, hey, want to come over and hang out?
Sheldon: Good, good, if you had said something clever, she might’ve gotten suspicious.
Amy: Hey.
Penny: Hi.
Amy: What’s he doing here?
Penny: Okay, he wants to talk to you.
Amy: Well, I don’t want to talk to him. And I’m pretty disappointed in you, too. Although we both know that won’t last.
Penny: Sheldon, you’re up.
Sheldon: Thank you. Amy, I’d like to apologize. Your accomplishment was impressive. And I’m proud of you.
Amy: We both know that’s your koala face.
Sheldon: I told you.
Penny: Okay, look, he bought you this.
Amy: Jewellery? Seriously? Sheldon, you are the most shallow, self-centred person I have ever met. Do you really think another transparently manip..oh! It’s a tiara! A tiara! I have a tiara! Put it on me, put it on me, put it on me, put it on me, put it on me, put it on me, put it on me.
Penny: You look beautiful.
Amy: Of course I do, I’m a princess, and this is my tiara!
Sheldon: You’re right, the tiara was too much.
Scene: Howard’s bedroom.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard! Bernadette’s… Oh, she slipped right by me.
Bernadette: Here’s your vest back.
Howard: You should keep it. You could wear it again sometime.
Bernadette: Where?
Howard: I don’t know, hunting?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Don’t forget to talk to her about this mishegas where I don’t get grandkids!
Howard: Don’t worry, Ma. I will, as soon as I can figure out a way to bring up such a sensitive issue!
Bernadette: I guess you talked to your mom, huh?
Howard: I was upset. My mom can be a pretty good shoulder to cry on, if the smell of Bengay doesn’t burn your eyes.
Bernadette: Look, it’s obvious having kids is really important to you, and I think I came up with a solution.
Howard: Really? That’s great. What?
Bernadette: Well, seeing as how I make way more money than you anyway, what if I work and you stay home with the kids?
Howard: Me?
Bernadette: Yeah. You know, you’ll watch Barney and pull Cheerios out of their noses and go on play dates, and I’ll work and have conversations with people my own age and enjoy my life.
Howard: Yeah.
Bernadette: Yay, so we’re good.
Howard: Yeah, we’re good.
Bernadette: You know, I don’t know if this counted as a fight, but how about some make-up sex?
Howard: I would love that. But what is that behind your ear? Oh, look, it’s a condom.
 								
			
				Scene: The stairwell.
Leonard: You feel like trying something new for dinner? Maybe Indian, Tex-Mex?
Sheldon: You ever wonder how humans would be different if they evolved from lizards instead of mammals?
Leonard: Okay, let’s talk about that.
Sheldon: As you know, lizards, cold-blooded animals, lack the ability to sense temperature. But they do move more sluggishly when it’s cold. So, lizard weathermen would say things like, bring a sweater, it’s slow outside. I love my mind.
Leonard: We all do. Now, how about dinner?
Sheldon: Oh, I would assume we’d enjoy insects or smaller lizards. We could also pull each other’s tails off and grill them, they’ll just grow back. Oh! My life-size cardboard Mr. Spock is here! I know he wouldn’t care for an outburst of human emotion, but, oh goodie, oh goodie, oh goodie. Commander Spock requesting permission to be unfolded.
Leonard (seeing Penny’s door open and the girls inside): Excuse me.
Sheldon: Permission granted, Commander.
Amy: Which is why the more intelligent the monkey, the more faeces they fling.
Leonard: Excuse me, Amy. Penny, do you have plans for dinner tonight?
Penny: Why, you guys going somewhere?
Leonard: No, I mean just you and me.
Penny: You mean, like a date?
Leonard: Not like a date, a date.
Amy: Ooh!
Bernadette: Ooh!
Penny: Um, o-okay. Sure.
Amy: Ooh!
Bernadette: Ooh!
Sheldon: Oh, no! They sent the wrong Spock! Live long and suck it, Zachary Quinto.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Penny’s bedroom.
Bernadette: This is so exciting. If Leonard and Penny get back together, Howard and I can go on double dates with them.
Amy: How come you never invite Sheldon and me on a double date?
Bernadette: Mm, uh… How’s it going in there, Penny?
Penny: Just a sec. (Emerges in revealing slinky green dress) Too much?
Bernadette: Yes.
Amy: No.
Penny: Okay, just hang on.
Amy: You just can’t handle her raw sexuality, can you?
Bernadette: When did you and Leonard break up?
Penny: Uh, about two years ago.
Bernadette: Why do you think he asked you out again?
Penny: I don’t know.
Amy: Maybe he’s dying. That would be so romantic.
Penny: He’s not dying.
Amy: Too bad. If he were, she could just throw him in bed and ride him right up until he flatlines.
Penny: How about this?
Bernadette: Maybe.
Amy: Come on.
Penny: Yeah, okay, no.
Bernadette: Do you think you’ll sleep with him tonight?
Penny: Absolutely not. Look, we’re just gonna have dinner and, you know, see how it goes.
Amy: If he were dying, would you sleep with him?
Penny: What?
Amy: Assuming he were dying of something that couldn’t be sexually transmitted. You know, like a spear wound to the head.
Penny: Okay, he is not dying.
Amy: How do you know? Are you a doctor?
Bernadette: You can make-believe, though. Sometimes Howard and I pretend that his arrhythmia is acting up and I’m a sexy cardiologist. And the naughty part is I’m not in his HMO network.
Penny: Screw it. I’m not gonna make a big deal out of this. It’s just dinner.
Amy: With a dead man.
Penny: Amy, stop it. Oh, God, I’m so nervous.
Bernadette: Relax. You know Leonard’s always been crazy about you. It’s gonna be great.
Penny: I know, but we’ve finally gotten to a place where we can hang out without it being weird. And what if something goes wrong? Then what?
Amy: Guess it’ll just be Sheldon and me going on a double date with Howard and Bernadette.
Bernadette: Sure, we’d love that. Change your clothes, we got a lot riding on this.
Scene: The apartment. The guys are playing a board game.
Sheldon: Mm. I want to build a road, but I need wood. Do either of you fellows have wood? (Raj and Howard snigger) I don’t understand the laughter. The object of Settlers of Catan is to build roads and settlements. To do so requires wood. Now, I have sheep; I need wood. Who has wood for my sheep?
Leonard: Okay, how do I look?
Howard: Well, more to the point, why are you doing this?
Leonard: What are you talking about?
Raj: Did you forget what Penny did to you? It took you two years and defiling my sister to turn that frown upside down.
Leonard: I didn’t defile your sister, we had a relationship.
Raj: I heard you call her Brown Sugar. In my book, that’s defilement.
Sheldon: You want to know my opinion?
Leonard: Oh, boy, do I?
Sheldon: Sarcasm?
Howard: No.
Sheldon: All right, then. The reason you’re fixated on a good-natured simpleton like Penny is that she’s the exact opposite of your first romantic attachment, your brilliant yet intimidating mother.
Leonard: Where on earth did you get that from?
Sheldon: It’s in her book, Needy Baby, Greedy Baby.
Leonard: That doesn’t make it true.
Sheldon: It’s called non-fiction for a reason, Leonard.
Leonard: See you later.
Raj: If they ever make a movie version of that book, you know who should play Leonard’s mother? Sandra Bullock.
Howard: Why?
Raj: Because she’s great in everything.
Sheldon: Now, where were we? Oh, yes. Does anyone have any wood? Oh, come on! I just want wood. Why are you making it so hard?
Scene: A restaurant.
Leonard: So, do they have a name for a first date with someone you used to go out with?
Penny: Oh, that’s a good question. How about awkward?
Leonard: Yeah, that sounds right.
Penny: Yeah?
Leonard: Hey, how about if we pretend we’re actually on a first date? See how that goes.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: So, Polly, tell me about yourself.
Penny: It’s Penny.
Leonard: Oh, sorry, yeah. Awkward.
Penny: Okay, uh, let’s see. I’m from Nebraska, and ever since I was a little girl, I dreamed of moving to L.A. and becoming a movie star. Anyway, after four years of acting lessons and waiting tables, I’ve done a haemorrhoid commercial and a production of Anne Frank above a bowling alley. So, you know, dreams do come true. Your turn.
Leonard: Uh, let’s see. Uh, I am an experimental physicist at Cal-Tech, most of my research is with high-powered lasers, and, oh, I’ve just gotten a big government grant to see if they can be used to knock out incoming ballistic missiles.
Penny: Wow. Can they?
Leonard: Oh, God, no. The money’s pretty good. And I used the equipment to make my own Bat-signal.
Penny: Bat-signal? What are you, some kind of nerd?
Leonard: Not some kind of nerd, I am the king of the nerds.
Penny: What does that mean?
Leonard: Uh, it means if anyone displeases me, I don’t help them set up their printer.
Penny: You are so funny.
Leonard: Good. Remember that when I take my shirt off.
Penny: Leonard, this is nice. I’m so glad we did this.
Leonard: Me, too. So what do you think? Are we gonna get back together?
Penny: Whoa. Not so fast.
Leonard: I’m sorry, what did I say?
Penny: Leonard, you know I will always have feelings for you.
Leonard: Oh, God.
Penny: What?
Leonard: You said always. You’ll always have feelings for me.
Penny: So?
Leonard: So, that sounds more like something you’d say if you didn’t want a relationship with someone. This isn’t working out, but I’ll always have feelings for you. I’m sorry I slept with your best friend, but I’ll always have feelings for you. Here’s the thing, Lisa, I’m into dudes now, but I’ll always have feelings for you.
Penny: How would you say it?
Leonard: I have feelings for you.
Penny: It’s the same thing.
Leonard: No, it’s not. Always made it worse.
Penny: You’re overthinking this.
Leonard: No, I’m not.
Penny: Yes, you are. You always overthink things.
Leonard: Ah now th-th-there you go. Always made it worse.
Penny: See, this is where everything goes wrong, when we talk.
Leonard: Well, I don’t know how you have a relationship without talking.
Penny: Hey, I went out with this guy TJ for eight months, we never talked. To this day, I don’t even know what TJ stands for.
Leonard: Wait, if you guys didn’t talk, what did you… never mind, stupid question.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: And now that I have some wood, I’m going to begin the erection of my settlement.
Raj: He’s got to be doing this on purpose.
Howard (as Leonard enters): Ooh, eight thirty. You and Penny decide to go out and paint the town beige?
Leonard: You’re thirty years old and you live with your mother.
Raj: I guess it didn’t go well.
Sheldon: We don’t know that. Not to a certainty. All we know is that Leonard is home.
Howard (as Leonard groans loudly in his room): How about now?
Sheldon: Again, not enough evidence. For all we know, he’s being murdered. Now, back to our game.
Raj: You were in the middle of an erection.
Sheldon: Oh, of course. It’s right here in my hand.
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom. Leonard’s phone text signal sounds.
Leonard: What does she want from me now? (Goes to front door, where Penny is waiting) What’s up?
Penny: Do not overthink this. (Kisses him, then leads him to her apartment.) 
Leonard: I don’t understand.
Penny: Bup-bup-bup-bup-bup-bup-bup.
Leonard: Okay, but earlier it seemed like…
Penny: No talking.
Leonard: Even during? ‘Cause sometimes I have questions.
Scene: Penny’s bedroom. They are in bed.
Penny: Well, that was fun.
Leonard: Yeah, except for when I got the foot cramp.
Penny: You hung in there, though.
Leonard: Well, there was a lot at stake.
Penny: So what do you want to do now?
Leonard: Well, I want to go get my asthma inhaler, but it might ruin the moment. Just, just help me out here. How does a miserable date end in sex?
Penny: I don’t know, it’s complicated.
Leonard: Well, I’m a pretty smart guy, and right now my brain has dibs on the blood supply, so give it a go.
Penny: Okay, it’s just, at the restaurant when you said you wanted us to be together again, it got very real very fast and I panicked.
Leonard: Why? What are you afraid of?
Penny: Well, what if we do go out and I do something stupid and dump you again?
Leonard: What if I dump you?
Penny: Come on, be serious.
Leonard: Well, how about if we don’t think about this as a relationship? It could be more like a new version of software. Penny and Leonard 2.0. We can test it internally, shake out the bugs, and if we both feel it’s solid, then we’ll roll it out to the public.
Penny: So we don’t tell people we’re back together?
Leonard: Exactly. We pretend like our date went badly.
Penny: Well, we don’t really have to pretend.
Leonard: And we let them think that we decided to just be friends and that everything’s cool.
Penny: Okay, great. Hey, I just remembered. I still got one of your inhalers.
Leonard: I can’t believe you kept this.
Penny: Yeah, I was gonna throw it away, but I just couldn’t.
Leonard: That is so sweet. In 25 to 30 minutes I’m gonna show you how much this means to me.
Scene: The apartment. Leonard is sneaking back in.
Sheldon: Leonard?
Leonard: Yeah, hi, hi. How’s it going?
Sheldon: Uh, can’t complain. Thanks for asking. Well, what were you doing out at three o’clock in the morning?
Leonard: Well, uh, uh, what are you doing up?
Sheldon: I was using the bathroom.
Leonard: Yeah, well, so was I.
Sheldon: Really? I didn’t see you in there.
Leonard: Obviously, when I saw that you were in ours, I went and used another one.
Sheldon: Where?
Leonard: The, the gas station across the street.
Sheldon: In your pyjamas?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Without shoes?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: On a cold winter’s night?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Seems unlikely. Did you bring your asthma inhaler?
Leonard: Uh, uh, uh, yes, I did.
Sheldon: Well, then, I guess it’s plausible. Hang on a second, mister.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: After you used the facilities at the gas station, did you make a purchase?
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: It’s customary, when using the rest room at a retail establishment, to make a small purchase. Did you?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Here’s two dollars. Go buy some beef jerky.
Leonard: I don’t want beef jerky.
Sheldon: It’s not about you. It’s about a poor immigrant from Pakistan trying to make his way in America by working the graveyard shift at the Colorado Boulevard Chevron.
Leonard: Fine.
Sheldon: Needy Baby, Greedy Baby indeed.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.
Sheldon: Leonard will be here in a moment. He’s looking for a different parking space.
Howard: Why?
Sheldon: We were next to a car with an ask me about my grandchildren bumper sticker, and I was afraid if we ran into them on the way out, I’d be obligated to do so.
Bernadette: I’m so disappointed it didn’t work with him and Penny.
Amy: Me, too. Out of deference to them, let’s not flaunt our happy relationship.
Sheldon: You have a keen insight into the human heart, Amy Farrah Fowler.
Leonard: We are next to a Suburu with a Gore/Lieberman bumper sticker.
Sheldon: Well, I doubt they’d want to talk about that, so we’re fine.
Howard: I’m surprised to see you here after it went so badly with Penny.
Leonard: Well, hey, we’re grown-ups. We can still be friends.
Bernadette: Boy, I don’t know if I could be friends with Howie if we broke up.
Howard: Why not?
Bernadette: I’m a very vengeful person.
Howard: Really?
Bernadette: With access to weaponised smallpox.
Penny: Here you go, guys, let me get you going with some water. You need menus or you know what you want?
Howard: Leonard knows what he wants, but it looks like he’s not gonna get it from you.
Bernadette: Howard.
Penny: No, that’s okay, Bernadette. Sometimes these things just don’t work out.
Leonard: Yeah, it’s all good. We-We’ll always have feelings for each other.
Bernadette: Oh, that’s nice.
Leonard: See, she knew what always meant.
Penny: Wow, you’re like a dog with a bone, aren’t you?
Leonard: I’m just making a point.
Penny: Is the point that you don’t know when to let something go?
Sheldon: People, people, please, before you say something you both regret, I’d like to place my order.
Penny: Yeah, just hang on, Sheldon. You know why we can’t be together? Because you always have to be right.
Leonard: Oh, that is not true.
Sheldon: I’ve got to go with Leonard on this. He is wrong more than anyone I know.
Penny: You know what? I just realized I’m on a break. I’ll get someone else.
Leonard: Well…
Sheldon: Leonard, promise me that when our new waitress comes over, you will not start a complicated on-again, off-again relationship with her, because I am very, very hungry.
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom. Text signal.
Leonard: Unbelievable. (Goes to door)
Penny: Mind explaining to me why you were being such a jerk at the restaurant?
Leonard: Well, I was trying to act like we weren’t seeing each other. That was the plan, right?
Penny: No, the plan was to tell people we decided to stay friends. That’s a little hard to do when you’re always being such a tool bag.
Leonard: You know what? I don’t have to stand here and take this crap. (Goes to Penny’s apartment.)
Penny: The hell do you think you’re going?
Leonard: Isn’t sex after fighting kind of what we do now?
Penny: Yeah, kind of, yeah.
Scene: Penny’s bedroom.
Leonard: What are we doing?
Penny: What do you mean?
Leonard: Every scenario I play out for you and me ends badly.
Penny: That’s because you overthink everything.
Sheldon’s voice: Leonard, are you listening to me? (Leonard is in the hallway with Sheldon. It is the opening scene, and Sheldon has just found his cardboard Spock.) 
Leonard: What? Yeah.
Sheldon: This is a disaster. I distinctly ordered the Leonard Nimoy Mr. Spock cardboard standee. Why would I feel safer with Zachary Quinto at the foot of my bed?
Leonard: I don’t know, he was pretty badass on Heroes.
Sheldon: You’re right, I’ll give him a shot.
Leonard: Hang on. Penny, do you have plans for dinner?
Penny: Why, you guys going somewhere?
Leonard: No, I mean just you and me.
Amy: Ooh!
Bernadette: Ooh!
Penny: Uh, have you thought this through?
Leonard: Yes, and I think we should go anyway.
Sheldon: No, can’t do it. Sorry, Quinto, you’re going back.
Scene: Penny’s bedroom.
Amy: If you and Leonard get back together, Sheldon and I will finally have someone to go on double dates with.
Bernadette: What about me and Howard?
Amy: Fine, we can double with you, too. So insecure.
Bernadette: Where are you guys going to eat?
Amy: Penny?
(In her imagination, Penny is transported to her wedding day.)
Minister: Do you, Penny, take Leonard to be your lawful wedded husband?
Penny (turning, heavily pregnant): Well, it’s a little late for me to start saying no, isn’t it?
(Back in the bedroom)
Amy: Penny?
Penny: Sorry, just remembered I’ve got to stop by the drugstore.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is making a video.
Sheldon: Hello. I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper, and welcome to the premiere episode of Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags. Over the next 52 weeks, you and I are going to explore the dynamic world of vexillology.
Amy: Hang on, Dr. C. What’s vexillology?
Sheldon: Vexillology is the study of flags.
Amy: Cool. I think I just learned something.
Sheldon: Did you have fun doing it?
Amy: I’ll say.
Sheldon: Fun and information are two sides to this video podcast, not unlike the only two-sided state flag, Oregon. Oh, look. Hello, Mr. Beaver. In future episodes, we’ll answer some burning questions. What’s the only non-rectangular flag? What animal appears most often on flags? What animal appears second most often on flags? And more.
Amy: Sweet!
Sheldon: Why are you waving a white flag?
Amy: I’m surrendering to fun.
Sheldon: Now, today’s episode of Fun with Flags is not fun, but it is important. Flags: you gotta know how to hold ’em, you gotta know how to fold ’em. Let’s start by identifying the parts of our flag. This edge is the hoist, and it’s used to…
Leonard: Excuse me, sorry, excuse me.
Sheldon: Cut. Did you not see we are rolling?
Leonard: Sorry. I’m having dinner with Penny. I have to get out of here.
Sheldon: And I have flag knowledge that I have to get out of here!
Amy: You okay?
Sheldon: No, I’m a little rattled. But like the flag over Fort Sumter, I’m still here. And, take two. Hello. I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper, and welcome to the premiere episode of Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags. Over the next 52 weeks, you and I are going to explore the dynamic world of vexillology.
Amy: Hang on, Dr. Cooper. What’s vexillology?
Sheldon: Vexillology is… why is there a face on that flag?
Amy: It’s Ferdinand T. Flag. I thought he might help bring in some younger viewers.
Sheldon: Confound it! You’re right, it’s brilliant. Let’s take it from the top.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The stairwell.
Penny: That was a really nice dinner. I’m glad you asked me out again.
Leonard: Me, too, I missed you.
Penny: You see me all the time. You sure you just don’t miss the sex?
Leonard: Well, yeah, sex with you is pretty great. Have you ever tried it?
Penny: I have. You are not wrong. I just think if we’re gonna try dating again, we should take things slow.
Leonard: Oh, I can take it slow. Did I ever tell you about my first girlfriend in high school, Karen Berberick? To this day she doesn’t know we were going out. Made it easier on her when I broke things off.
Penny: Okay, well, maybe not that slow.
Leonard: How about this, are you familiar with the typical development for computer software?
Penny: You know, just for fun, let’s say I’m not.
Leonard: Before an application is released, they give it a trial run. W-We could do that. And if we hit a rough spot, instead of getting mad, just say, hey, we found a bug, and we report it so it can be fixed.
Penny: You mean like a beta test?
Leonard: Well, technically, this would be an alpha test. A beta test requires people that weren’t involved in the development of the appli…
Penny: Seriously, do I not get credit for knowing beta test?
Leonard: No, you should. Absolutely. That was me being pedantic. That’s our first bug. You reported it. I can fix that. See? This is good.
Penny: All right. Let’s give it a shot.
Leonard: Great. You keep a list, I’ll keep a list. At some point, we’ll exchange.
Penny: Okay. Good night, Leonard.
Leonard: Night. Attaboy, Hofstadter. Nothing gets the ladies hotter than software development analogies. Hey, I’m back.
Sheldon: Cut! Take 47.
Scene: Sheldon and Raj’s office.
Sheldon: Here’s an interesting fact about flags.
Raj: I will take that action.
Sheldon: The flags of Liechtenstein and Haiti were identical by coincidence, a fact that wasn’t discovered until they competed against each other at the 1936 Olympics. And thankfully, their embarrassment was overshadowed by the rise of Fascism.
Howard: Let’s see the new phone.
Raj: I stopped on the way to work. Hey, do you want to peel the plastic off with me?
Howard: Really? Me? That’s, like, the best part.
Raj: Grab a corner. Whoa, what’s your hurry, cowboy? Savour the moment.
Howard: Oh, yeah.
Sheldon: Speaking of cowboys, do you know what country has not one but two cows on its flag? The tiny landlocked nation of Andorra. Oh, the next classic episode of Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags is writing itself.
Howard: Oh, let me try the voice recognition.
Raj: Hey, I let you peel the plastic, don’t get greedy. (To phone) Hello?
Phone: Hello.
Raj: What’s your name?
Phone: My name is Siri.
Howard: Look at that. There’s finally a woman in your life you can talk to.
Raj: Are you single?
Siri: I don’t have a marital status, if that’s what you’re asking.
Raj: Yeah, you’re right, that’s too personal. We hardly know each other. How about a cup of coffee?
Siri: I’ve found six coffee shops. Three of them are fairly close to you.
Raj: I will see you gentlemen later.
Howard: She is gonna break his heart.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: For someone who has a machine that can travel anywhere in time and space, Doctor Who sure does have a thing for modern-day London.
Sheldon: Careful, it’s that kind of sass that can get a person uninvited to this year’s Who Con.
Penny: Uh, we’re not counting this as a date, are we?
Leonard: Um, I’m not sure, but I think the right answer here is no.
Penny: Bug report: When a guy asks me to spend time with him, maybe he plans something a little more interesting than hanging out at home, watching TV.
Leonard: Even Doctor Who?
Penny: Even Doctor Who.
Sheldon: All right, that’s it. Who Con, you’re out.
Leonard: Okay, bug report taken. Next time I will have a better plan for our evening’s activity.
Penny: Well, thank you. I’ll see you tomorrow.
Leonard: Oh, wait, here, almost forgot. Here.
Penny: What’s this?
Leonard: My bug report to you.
Penny: Well, that’s quite a list you got there.
Leonard: It’s colour coded.
Penny: Oh.
Leonard: Uh, red means fix right away. Yellow is eh, whenever you get a chance. And green is I could probably learn to live with it. There’s a key down here at the bottom. It’s neat, huh?
Penny: Yep.
Leonard: So, have a good night.
Penny: Yep.
Leonard: Look at that. Some day, we will tell future generations that dating used to be hard.
Amy: What’s baffling me is what you could’ve possibly put on the list. Hair too golden? Laugh too musical? World too much a better place for her mere presence in it?
Sheldon: How about constantly talks with food in her mouth?
Amy: Her heart’s full of love, no one cares what’s in her mouth.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj: So, Siri, what’s happening? How are you?
Siri: I am well.
Raj: What are you doing right now?
Siri: What am I doing? I’m talking with you.
Raj: You have a beautiful voice.
Siri: Thank you, it’s nice to be appreciated.
Raj: I bet it is. Why don’t women like me?
Siri: Let me check on that. How about a Web search for why don’t women like me?”
Raj: No need. I’ve already done that. Siri, do you have a last name?
Siri: My name is Siri.
Raj: Ah, one name. Like, uh, Cher, Madonna, Adele. All the women who rock me. My name is Rajesh, but you can call me Raj.
Siri: Would you like me to call you Raj?
Raj: I’d like you to call me sexy.
Siri: From now on, I’ll call you sexy. Okay?
Raj: Okay.
Scene: Sheldon and Raj’s office.
Siri, I’m in the mood for gelato.
Siri: (chimes) I found ten restaurants whose reviews mention gelato. Seven of them are fairly close to you.
Raj: Thank you, darling.
Siri: You are most certainly welcome, sexy.
Sheldon: Well done, Dr. Koothrappali.
Raj: I’m sorry?
Sheldon: You’ve taken a great evolutionary leap by abandoning human interaction and allowing yourself to romantically bond with a soulless machine. Kudos.
Raj: I haven’t bonded with it.
Sheldon: Oh, no, of course. I understand. You’re afraid the world isn’t ready for your taboo love. Your secret’s safe with me.
Raj: It’s just a phone.
Barry Kripke: Cooper.
Sheldon: Kripke.
Barry: Heads up. Pwofessor Wothman urinated in the particle physics wab again, so we’re going to move up his wetirement party. Fwiday, five o’cwock, pot wuck.
Raj: Thanks, Barry. Siri, remind me Friday morning to make my famous popovers.
Siri: All right, I’ll remind you.
Barry (to his own phone): You got Siwi, huh? Voice wecognition on that thing is tewible. Wook. Siwi, can you wecommend a westauwant?
Barry’s Siri: I’m sorry, Bawwy. I don’t understand wecommend a westauwant.
Barry: Wisten to me. Not westauwant, westauwant.
Barry’s Siri: I don’t know what you mean by not westauwant, westauwant.
Barry: See? Total cwap. You suck, Siwi.
Raj: Hey, don’t talk to her like that. She’s a lady.
Barry: Well, that wady took high-wes pictures of my junk wast night for Cwaigswist. Waiter.
Scene: Penny’s apartment door. Leonard knocks.
Penny: It’s open.
Leonard: Hey. You ready to go?
Penny: Yeah, hang on. Let me just finish this chapter.
Leonard: Can you finish it later?
Penny: No, I can’t. Reading books is a big part of my life now because, you know, we’d have more fun things to talk about if I read more.
Leonard: Great. Good. Great. What are you reading?
Penny: Two Weeks to Rock Hard Abs.
Leonard: They kind of spoil the ending right in the name of that, don’t they? All right. Look, just remember how this works. We don’t get mad about these things. Uh, speaking of which, I’ve addressed your bug report on my date planning. Got a really fun evening for you. It’s kind of a surprise.
Penny: All right. Terrific. Well, let me just go find a pair of shoes that aren’t so tall. We wouldn’t want you to feel like you were out for a walk with your mommy.
Leonard: Thank you.
Penny: Yeah. Oh. Here’s my list for you, right there.
Leonard: All right, fair enough. I certainly can be quieter when we kiss. I thought it was an expression of passion, but if it’s coming across as juicy and weird, who wants that? Uh, uh, I’m sorry, can you be more specific on how my eyebrows are stupid? Nah, never mind, it’s right here.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj: Good timing. Dinner’s almost ready.
Howard: Great.
Bernadette: Oh, smells amazing in here.
Howard: Yeah, what are we eating?
Raj: Oh, an exotic little treat. I was just talking to Siri about Peking duck, and she said she knew about four Chinese grocers, two of which were fairly close to me. Her spontaneity is contagious.
Bernadette: Who’s Siri? Is he dating somebody new?
Howard: Yes. His phone.
Bernadette: Oh. Is that cute or creepy?
Howard: Uh-huh.
Raj: Can I pour you some wine? I think you’ll enjoy it. The traditional choice with Peking duck is a Sauvignon Blanc, but Siri suggested an off-dry Riesling. I wasn’t sure, but I didn’t want to have an argument with her in the middle of Trader Joe’s. Now, what should we put Siri in for dinner? Leopard, sparkles, or to paraphrase Coco Chanel, you can never go wrong with a little black case. Siri, play some smooth jazz.
Siri: Playing smooth jazz.
Raj: Oh, my God, Kenny G? This woman can read me like a book. I can’t believe I bought my soul mate at Glendale Galleria.
Bernadette: I don’t know if I want to stay.
Scene: A shooting range.
Penny: This is amazing. How did you even get this idea?
Leonard: I called your dad. I asked him what things you liked to do when you were a kid. This seemed easier than getting a cow out here so you could tip it.
Penny: Okay, you’re kind of really great.
Leonard: You mean for a person whose neck massages feel like an eagle is trying to carry you to its nest?
Penny: Okay, bug report. I just complimented you. You should take it and shut up.
Leonard: Right. Sorry, sorry.
Penny: And stop apologizing all the time.
Leonard: Right. Sorry.
Penny: All right, let’s shoot stuff. You want me to show you what to do?
Leonard: I play a lot of Grand Theft Auto. I think I know how to handle a gat.
Penny: Wow. You are cute when you get all gangsta. (Kisses him. Leonard accidentally shoots himself in the foot.)
Scene: The stairwell.
Leonard: So, I’ve got a gunshot wound. That’s pretty badass.
Penny: No, you’ve got a Reebok with a gunshot wound and an ouchie on your pinkie toe.
Leonard: Hello? They gave me a Band-Aid. Hospitals do not issue Band-Aids unless it is medically necessary. That is the law.
Penny: Well, thank you for a really cool evening.
Leonard: Thank you for hiding my Star Wars socks at the emergency room. Is it a good time to evaluate the beta test and see where we stand?
Penny: Things are looking good.
Leonard: So, are we still taking things slow? Because a gunshot wound today, last week, I slammed my thumb in the kitchen drawer. We don’t know how much time I have.
Penny: Good night, you.
Sheldon: Guten Tag, das YouTube. Ich bin ein Bavarian.
Amy: Und ich bin eine pretzel!
Sheldon: Und dis is Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun…
Amy: Mit…
Sheldon: Flags.
Scene: An office suite.
Receptionist: First door on the left.
Raj: Thank you. (Enters a door marked “The Office of Siri” Inside is a red-headed woman sitting at a huge console desk.) 
Siri: Dave, I found six vacuum cleaner repair shops in your area. Four are fairly close to you. (To Raj) Hello, sexy. What can I help you with? If you’d like to make love to me, just tell me. (Raj tries to speak) I’m sorry. I don’t understand.
Raj (waking from a dream): No!
 								
			
				Scene: Leonard’s bedroom. Sheldon enters in a hard hat and high-vis jacket. Sounds a klaxon on his phone.
Leonard: Aaargh. What the hell?
Sheldon: Emergency preparedness drill.
Leonard: Oh, no, come on!
Sheldon: Yeah, you know how it works. Once a quarter, keep our readiness up. Now, rise and shine, sleepy head. Half the town is probably dead.
Leonard: I have to get a lock for my door.
Sheldon: I think you’ll like the drill tonight. I’ve tried to make it fun. Each of these cards contains a detailed scenario of a possible apocalyptic event. Everything from wild fires to a surprise invasion by Canada. Pick a catastrophe, any catastrophe.
Leonard: Sheldon, Canada is not going to invade California.
Sheldon: Yeah, really? You think those hippies in Washington and Oregon can stop them?
Leonard: Fine.
Sheldon: All righty! An 8.2 magnitude earthquake devastates Pasadena, reducing mighty edifices to dust, engulfing the city in flames. The streets flow with blood and echo with the cries of the wounded. Oh, excellent choice. Now, put on your hard hat and safety vest.
Leonard: Oh, fun. I get to spend another night in front of our apartment dressed like one of the Village People.
Sheldon: You make that joke every three months. I still don’t get it. Leonard, wait. What are you doing?
Leonard: I don’t know, what am I doing?
Sheldon: Look around you, there’s hypothetical broken glass everywhere. Really? You’re going to face Armageddon without your orthotics? All right, your choice. (Grabs him and pushes him over) Uh-oh, hypothetical aftershock!
Leonard: Aah!
Sheldon: And that’s why we wear hard hats.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Howard: Check it out, press release from NASA.
Raj: Um, Expedition 31 will launch this spring to the International Space Station. Crew members will include Commander Tom ‘Tombo’ Johnson, astronaut Mike ‘Supernova’ Novacelik and Payload Specialist Howard Wolowitz.
Howard: This is going right into my synagogue’s newsletter.
Raj: Dude, if you’re going to be an astronaut, you need to pick a cool nickname.
Howard: I don’t get to pick it. The other guys have to give it to me.
Raj: Oh. If I had one, it would be Brown Dynamite.
Howard: Are you not listening to me? The other astronauts have to give you your nickname.
Raj: Are you not looking at me? I am Brown Dynamite. Why do you put six sugars in your coffee?
Leonard: Because the cafeteria doesn’t offer little packets of methamphetamine.
Howard: Emergency drill night last night, huh?
Leonard: Uh-huh.
Raj: How’d you do?
Sheldon: I’ll tell you exactly how he did. Readiness: unsatisfactory. Follows direction: barely. Attitude: a little too much. Overall: not only will he probably die in a fiery inferno, his incessant whining would most certainly spoil everyone else’s day.
Leonard: You know what, I’m so tired I can’t even think straight. I’m going home. Will one of you guys give this nutbag a ride back later?
Sheldon: You can’t go home. You have to take me to the dentist at four o’clock.
Leonard: Oh, can’t you take the bus to the dentist?
Sheldon: Of course I can. It’s coming back under the residual effects of the anaesthesia, that’s the problem. Two years ago after a deep gum cleaning, I thought I got on a bus but somehow wound up on a booze cruise to Mexico.
Raj: They put you under for a cleaning?
Sheldon: Yeah, they have to, I’m a biter.
Leonard: Whatever, Sheldon. I’m exhausted. I’m not taking you to the dentist.
Sheldon: Wrong, sir. Wrong. Under section 37B of the roommate agreement, miscellaneous duties, you are obligated to take me to the dentist. See? It’s right here after providing a confirmation sniff on questionable dairy products.”
Leonard: You know what, I am sick of the roommate agreement. It’s ridiculous. I’m your roommate, not your chauffeur. You know, I had better things to do yesterday than drive you all the way to the good model train store in Garden Grove because the one in Pasadena has gotten too big for its britches.
Sheldon: Well, it has. Ask anybody.
Leonard: I don’t care. I’m done.
Sheldon: Hold on. Are you saying that you want to invoke Clause 209?
Leonard: I don’t know what that is, but if it means I can go home and sleep, then yes.
Sheldon: Think carefully here. Clause 209 suspends our friendship, and strips down the roommate agreement to its bare essentials. Our responsibilities toward each other would only be rent, utilities and a perfunctory chin jut of recognition as we pass in the hall. (Demonstrating) ‘Sup?
Leonard: Where do I sign?
Sheldon: Right here. Use your finger.
Leonard: There. Done.
Sheldon: All right. That’s it. We are now no longer companions, boon or otherwise. We are now merely acquaintances. To amend the words of Toy Story, you have not got a friend in me.
Leonard: I’m gonna go home and take a nap.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, tell it to someone who cares.
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: I got pretty exciting NASA news today. Next week I fly to Houston for orientation and zero-gravity elimination drills.
Penny: What does that mean?
Bernadette: He’s gonna learn to poop in space.
Howard: Open the pod bay doors, HAL.
Raj: Maybe your nickname should be Brown Dynamite.
Sheldon: Hello, dear friends. And Dr. Hofstadter.
Leonard: ‘Sup?
Sheldon: ‘Sup? My apologies. I would’ve been here sooner, but the bus kept stopping for other people to get on it.
Amy: I saved you a dumpling.
Sheldon: Oh, your concern for me is touching. It will serve you well when you take me to the dentist tomorrow.
Amy: I’m sorry, Sheldon, I’m busy. I’m right in the middle of my addiction study. I’ve got a lab full of alcoholic monkeys, and tomorrow’s the day we switch them to O’Doul’s.
Sheldon: You’re my girlfriend and you’re not going to cater to my every need? Oh, where’d the magic go?
Penny: Sheldon, that’s not what girlfriends are for. Although, you don’t use them for what they’re for, so what do I know?
Bernadette: Howard doesn’t make me do his shopping, or take him to the dentist, or pick up his dry cleaning, right?
Howard: Absolutely. But when Ma’s hips give out, you’re up, kid.
Sheldon: Well, if Amy’s too busy, that gives the rest of you an opportunity to make my life easier, thus assuring yourselves a footnote in my memoirs, tentatively entitled You’re Welcome, Mankind. All right, then, just shout when you hear the task you want to undertake. Uh, dentist. Okay, we can circle back to that one. Um, well, who wants to take me Wednesday morning to get new heels put on my dress shoes? Anyone? Oh. That one had hoot written all over it. Um, all right, uh, dermatologist? Allergist? Podiatrist? Supercuts? Okay, okay, here’s a fun one. Um, I need a new picture frame and I have a hankering for Swedish meatballs. Who wants to spend the day with me at IKEA?
Raj: Their meatballs are pretty good.
Sheldon: What’s that?
Raj: Nothing, nothing.
Scene: The comic book store.
Sheldon: Hello, Stuart.
Stuart: Oh, hey, Sheldon. Can I help you find something today?
Sheldon: No, no. I was just sitting at home thinking about how it might be nice to catch up with my ninth favourite person.
Stuart: Ninth?
Sheldon: You moved up one. My pen pal in Somalia was kidnapped by pirates. So, uh, how are you?
Stuart: Uh, not so good. My shrink just killed himself and blamed me in the note.
Sheldon: Great. Great. So, what’s new with your family? How’s your mother? Is she alive?
Stuart: Yeah.
Sheldon: And your father? Alive?
Stuart: Yes.
Sheldon: How about your grandparents, they alive?
Stuart: No.
Sheldon: Oh, I’m so sorry for your loss. On a cheerier note, I have a teeth-cleaning appointment this afternoon. What do you say you take me over there, buddy boy?
Stuart: I’m sorry, you want me to take you to the dentist?
Sheldon: Yes. And now, I can’t make any promises, but that’s the sort of thing that gets a fella on the short list for the number eight friend slot.
Stuart: Sheldon, I’m working. I can’t take you to the dentist. Also, and I can’t stress this enough, I don’t want to take you to the dentist.
Sheldon: Can’t help a friend out in a time of need, huh? I see where your therapist was coming from.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Ooh, ooh! What about we make your astronaut nickname Howard “Buzz” Wolowitz?
Howard: You can’t do Buzz. Buzz is taken.
Raj: Buzz Lightyear is not real.
Howard: No, that’s not what I’m talking about.
Raj: Well, are you talking about when he thought he was real?
Howard: No.
Raj: Okay, um, how about Crash”? Howard “Crash” Wolowitz.
Howard: Yeah, terrific. The other astronauts would love to go hurtling through space with a guy named Crash.
Raj: All right, um, how about, oh, how about Rocket Man?
Leonard: That’s not bad, Howard “Rocket Man” Wolowitz.
Howard: Yeah, it’s great, but I told you, I don’t get to pick my nickname. It has to come from the other astronauts.
Raj: Maybe there’s a way to get them to come up with it.
Howard: Like how?
Leonard: Once I tried carrying around a Duncan yo-yo, hoping the other kids would start calling me Duncan.
Howard: Did it work?
Leonard: No, they ended up calling me Sock Mouth. Because they took away my yo-yo and stuffed their socks in my mouth.
Raj: Okay, uh, what if we make Rocket Man your ringtone, and the next time you talk to those guys, I’ll call you and they’ll hear it. Plant the seed.
Howard: That’s actually not a terrible plan.
Raj: They don’t call me Brown Dynamite for nothing.
Leonard (to Sheldon, entering): ‘Sup?
Sheldon: ‘Sup?
Leonard: Hey, did you ever make it to the dentist?
Sheldon: Not necessary. No. I found a service that’ll send a van to your house for a teeth cleaning. Mostly they cater to dogs, but the fellow on the phone seemed to have an open mind.
Leonard: All right, Sheldon, if you need me to take you to the dentist, I will take you to the dentist.
Sheldon: Are you suggesting that you’ve come to your senses and wish to re-establish the mutual benefits that stem from full participation in the roommate agreement?
Leonard: Absolutely. If you admit that you’re a 30-year-old man who’s incapable of functioning on his own.
Raj: Ooh, Sock Mouth’s got him on the ropes.
Sheldon: I will admit nothing of the sort. And now if you’ll excuse me, I have to call my dentist and see if I can also get my hair shampooed and my nails clipped.
Scene: The apartment. Leonard is watching television. All the power goes off.
Penny (entering): Oh, good, your power’s out, too.
Leonard: Why is that good?
Penny: Because last month, I sent the electric company a Starbucks gift card, an apology note, and a few snapshots of me in a bra.
Sheldon: Power failure. Implementing power-failure protocol.
Leonard: What happened to all your glow-in-the-dark-emergency-exit stuff you had painted on the floor?
Sheldon: Oh, that was wildly carcinogenic. Anyway, it’s too bad you’re no longer entitled to the full benefits of my friendship, because I happen to be extremely prepared for such an emergency. Please try not to see anything by this light. It’s not for you.
Leonard: It’s just a blackout, I’m sure the power will be back on soon.
Sheldon: And I’m sure some fool in the Donner party said the snow would stop any day now. I like to think they ate him first.
Penny: You know, I got some candles in my apartment.
Sheldon: But candles? During a blackout? Are you mad? That’s a fire hazard. No, Pasadena Water and Power recommends the far safer glow stick.
Leonard (pulling out a toy lightsabre): You call that a glow stick? That is a glow stick. Come on, let’s go.
Sheldon: Before you go, consider this. Not only do I have a deep-cycle marine battery power source which is more than capable of running our entertainment system, I also have all 61 episodes of the BBC series Red Dwarf and Fiddle-Faddle. All yours if you’re willing to reinstate the roommate agreement.
Penny: I’ve got wine at my place and some bubble wrap we could pop.
Sheldon: Oh, he’ll be back. Wine and a girl in the dark, he’s gonna be bored out of his mind.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Leonard: To wine and bubble wrap. And to not having to watch Sheldon demonstrate his reverse osmosis machine that converts urine into drinking water.
Penny: You know, in Girl Scouts, Tammie Dinisha said you could do that with panty hose. Boy, was she wrong. Anyway, you want to make out?
Leonard: I thought because our relationship’s in a beta test, you wanted to take things slow.
Penny: Okay. Do you want to make out slow?
Leonard: I can go so slow it’ll be like there’s a snail in your mouth.
Penny: Ugh. Well, lucky for you, there’s nothing else to do right now.
Sheldon: Excuse me, Leonard.
Leonard: Since when don’t you knock? It’s like the only good thing about you.
Sheldon: Social niceties have been suspended, Leonard. We’re in a state of a emergency. The world has descended into darkened turmoil. Lawlessness and savagery are the order of the day.
Leonard: Fine, what is it?
Sheldon: I’m making s’mores. I wanted to alert you in case you smelled caramelizing marshmallows and thought a nearby candy factory was on fire.
Leonard: S’mores, huh? Good for you.
Sheldon: Yes, or good for us if you sign here and reinstate the full roommate agreement.
Leonard: No, thanks. I’m good.
Sheldon: Really? Huh! Okay. In that case, I will have a s’more by myself. And then I’m gonna have s’more. By myself.
Penny: Aw.
Leonard: No, don’t aw him. He brought this all on himself.
Penny: But he’s sad.
Leonard: No, he’s crazy. Sometimes crazy looks like sad so it’ll suck you back in.
Penny: I think he misses his little buddy.
Leonard: Fine. But mark my words, this frustrating, bogus teenage make-out session is not over.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: I thought you said candles were dangerous.
Sheldon: This is a Bunsen burner. I’m a scientist, I know what I’m doing. Oh, drat. (His s’more is on fire. He dunks it in a glass of water.) Aw. It took me a gallon of urine to make that water.
Leonard: Listen, Sheldon, this is stupid. I don’t see why we can’t be friends. And I’m willing to drive you around and help you out with stuff. I just don’t want to do it because of some silly roommate agreement.
Sheldon: What are you proposing?
Leonard: That we go back to the way things were. But when I do something for you, you show a little appreciation.
Sheldon: And how would I do that?
Leonard: You say thank you.
Sheldon: Every time?
Leonard: It’s not crazy.
Sheldon: Counter-proposal. We reinstate the full roommate agreement with the following addendum, in the spirit of Mother’s Day or Father’s Day, once a year, we set aside day to celebrate all your contributions to my life, both actual and imagined by you. We could call it Leonard’s Day.
Leonard: I kind of like the sound of that.
Sheldon: Of course you do. It’s about you, like everything else. (Lights come back on) Oh, thank goodness. I don’t think I had it in me to make another glass of water.
Leonard: So, do I get breakfast in bed on Leonard’s Day?
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: Can I sit in your spot?
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: Can I control the thermostat?
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: Do I get a card?
Sheldon: Of course you get a card. It’s Leonard’s Day.
Penny: Hey, guys, the building manager said the reason the power went out is someone went down into the basement and just pulled the main breaker switch.
Leonard: Really. Who do you think did that, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Oh, I don’t know. But whoever that mystery man was, you should be eternally grateful, for without him, there would be no Leonard’s Day.
Penny: Leonard’s Day?
Sheldon: Oh, no pressure. Just get him a crummy card, you’re good.
Scene: Howard’s bedroom.
Howard: All right, test my ring tone. That really is a good song.
Raj: Oh, yeah. There’s a reason he’s Sir Elton John. They don’t make you a knight for writing Wake Me Up Before You Go Go.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard, are you coming down for breakfast?
Howard: Ma, I told you I have a video conference with NASA. I said don’t bother me!
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Oh! Listen to Mr. Big Shot Astronaut.
Howard: Yes, please listen to Mr. Big Shot Astronaut. Hey, good morning.
NASA Guy (on skype): Hey, Howard, thanks for getting up so early.
Howard: No problem, Dr. Massimino.
Dr Massimino: The guys here call me Mass.
Howard: Mass. That’s a cool nickname. ‘Cause force equals mass times acceleration.
Mass: Yeah. It’s just short for Massimino. Anyway, the plan for this morning is to go over the…
Howard: Sorry. My phone.
Mass: What is that? Is that Rocket Man?
Howard: Yeah, my ring tone. Kind of my favourite song, Rocket Man.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard, your Fruit Loops are getting soggy!
Howard: Not now!
Mass: Who’s that?
Howard: My mom. Sorry.
Howard: No problem, Fruit Loops.
 								
			
				Scene: The cafeteria.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, I think I’ve come up with a fun way to get young people interested in science. Physics Mad-Libs. Now, give me a number.
Leonard: Five.
Sheldon: Uh-huh. And an irrational constant.
Howard: E.
Sheldon: And a funny Greek letter.
Raj: Gamma.
Sheldon: I said funny.
Raj: Upsilon?
Sheldon: Good one. And an electrical charge.
Leonard: Positive.
Sheldon: Ha. Perfect. Okay. Get this. Professor Jones told the symposium he had a new method for calculating the mass of a muon. Five times the limit of E to the upsilon as in a (laughs uncontrollably). Okay. No, no. I’ll start over. Professor (laughs again)
Howard: I haven’t seen him laugh that hard since the day Leonard made that multiplication error.
Sheldon: Oh, Oh, Lord, that multiplication error! He thought he carried the one. But he didn’t.
Leonard: It’s not funny. That mistake got published.
Sheldon: Stop! I’m going to wet myself!
Raj: Hey, guys, guys, President Siebert is headed this way.
Howard: I wonder what he wants.
Leonard: Doesn’t look happy, so I’m guessing he wants to talk to Sheldon.
Seibert: Dr. Cooper?
Leonard: Told ya.
Sheldon: Oh, President Siebert, I assume you’d like to respond to one of the suggestions I put in the box by your office.
Seibert: No, and stop installing suggestion boxes everywhere.
Sheldon: You don’t like written suggestions. You don’t like when I give them to you while we’re urinating in the men’s room. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say that you’re one of those stubborn people who are not open to suggestions.
Seibert: Dr. Cooper, the physics department chair tells me you’re refusing to take your vacation.
Sheldon: I don’t need a vacation.
Seibert: You’re obligated to take one. And I’d also like you to know the most-often received suggestion in my suggestion box you installed without asking me is can Dr. Cooper take a vacation? Okay, settled, then. I’ll see you all on Monday, except for you.
Sheldon: But if I don’t come into work, what am I supposed to do with myself?
Seibert: Read, rest, travel. I hear Afghanistan is nice this time of year.
Sheldon: Sarcasm?
Howard: No. You should go.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Leonard’s car. Leonard is singing enthusiastically.
Leonard: That tonight’s gonna be a good night, and tonight’s gonna be a good night, and tonight’s gonna be a good, good night! Tonight’s the night, uh, uh, let’s live it up, uh, I got my money, let’s spend it up…
Sheldon (appearing in the back seat): Good Lord! Would you stop that caterwauling!
Leonard: What the hell are you doing?
Sheldon: Bleeding from my ears.
Leonard: What are you doing hiding back there?
Sheldon: I’m sneaking into work. Now, if the guard at the university asks what’s under the blanket, you tell him it’s some lobster traps.
Leonard: Lobster traps?
Sheldon: Yes. That’s how Velma and Scooby smuggled Shaggy into the old lighthouse.
Leonard: What are you going to do when you get to the university? People are going to recognize you.
Sheldon: Will they, Leonard? (Puts on cap and long-hair wig)
Leonard: Fine. Just get back under your blanket, and I’ll drive you there.
Sheldon: And no more singing.
Leonard: Fine.
Sheldon: I have GPS on my phone. I know you turned around.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: I’m so glad you talked Howard out of having your wedding invitations in Klingon.
Bernadette: Turn it over. I’m hoping my relatives think it’s Hebrew.
Amy: This is really happening. I’m gonna be a maid of honour. I’m gonna wear a beautiful dress and walk down that aisle and, finally, I will have my special day.
Bernadette: You mean my special day?
Amy: They’re gonna need an extra-large veil for somebody’s head.
Bernadette: If I ever actually ever get married.
Penny: Why wouldn’t you?
Bernadette: My dad. Because I make a lot more money than Howie, he’s putting a lot of pressure on me to get a pre-nup.
Penny: Ouch.
Bernadette: Yeah. Howie’s gonna freak out.
Amy: Parental pressure can be daunting. I remember the battle with my mother about shaving my legs. Last year, I finally gave in and let her do it.
Bernadette: I just don’t know how I’m gonna break it to him.
Penny: You know, I’m a big believer in breaking bad news to a guy when you’re in bed with him. That’s how I told my high school boyfriend I slept with his brother. That’s how I told his brother the same thing.
Bernadette: I don’t know, I don’t want to manipulate him with sex.
Penny: Oh, sweetie, that’s what sex is for.
Amy: You know, the connection between marriage and money is nothing new. In fact, the term wed referred to the money and livestock that the groom paid the bride’s father. For example, you’re adorable, intelligent and a good earner. I could conservatively see you going for at least two oxen and a goose. (To Penny) You would fetch a unicorn.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Sheldon, there are a million great vacations you could take. What about Hawaii?
Sheldon: Hawaii is a former leper colony on top of an active volcano where the disappointing ending to Lost was filmed. Mahalo for nothing, Hawaii.
Howard: How about Florida? They’ve got Cape Canaveral, they’ve got Disney, they’ve got my Aunt Ida and the world’s largest collection of diabetic candy. Plus, if you get sweaty enough, her plastic-covered furniture is like a flume ride.
Sheldon: My family took a trip to Florida when I was a child. A seagull stole a hot dog from me on the beach. I got the message.
Raj: You know, if I had a week off, I’d go back to the Two Bunch Palms Resort and Spa in the desert. I tell you, an hour on the massage table with Trevor, and you’ll feel like you were born without bones.
Howard: I don’t think I could ever let a guy give me a massage.
Raj: Really? What was I doing to your neck last night while you were playing X-Box?
Sheldon: It’s like I’m living in a dictatorship. You must take a vacation, you must have fun, you must enjoy life.
Howard: I don’t think you have a good handle on dictatorships.
Leonard: Sheldon, everybody takes vacations.
Sheldon: One time they tried to make Richard Feynman take a vacation, but he chose instead to expand his mind and learn something new. He went to work in his friend’s biology lab. Richard Feynman was a famous American physicist, part of the Manhattan Project.
Howard: Everyone in the world of science knows who Richard Feynman was.
Sheldon: Now you do, too. Oh! I have a brilliant idea. Amy’s a biologist. I’ll go work in her lab.
Howard: Isn’t that just Feynman’s idea?
Sheldon: Ten seconds ago, you never heard of him. Now you’re an expert.
Scene: The hallway.
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: Hey, you.
Leonard: Is that your laundry? You only have, like, six things in there.
Penny: Yeah, I didn’t have any quarters, so I’ve been sneaking stuff into other people’s loads all day. Hey, if I tell you something, will you promise not to tell anybody?
Leonard: It doesn’t matter what I say, you’re gonna tell me anyway.
Penny: What? That is not true. Bernadette wants a pre-nup.
Leonard: Wow. That’s rough.
Penny: So you’re saying if I became a famous movie star, we got married, you wouldn’t sign a pre-nup?
Leonard: Absolutely not. If I’m gonna be stuck at home with the kids while you’re on location cheating on me with Ryan Gosling, then Leonard gots to get paid. So, you think about us getting married?
Penny: I think about a lot of things. I think about us getting married, I think about us breaking up. Once in a while, I think about how I didn’t leave a note on that Mercedes I dinged in the parking lot last month, but then I have a glass of wine and it passes.
Leonard: Joke all you want, but you think about it.
Penny: Well, tell you one thing, if I ever do get married, no Klingon invitations.
Leonard: Good luck catching a man with that attitude.
Scene: Amy’s laboratory.
Sheldon: Boy, oh, boy. This vacation is off to a wonderful start. The smell of formaldehyde, the whir of the centrifuge, the distant chatter of lab animals being dispatched for dissection. Mm, I can already feel my cares just melting away.
Amy: I’m excited to work with my boyfriend. It’s gonna be romantic.
Sheldon: Way to kill the mood.
Amy: Come on, Sheldon. We can be like Marie Curie and her husband, Pierre, who spent their days working side by side, bathed in the glow of their love and the radium that ultimately killed her. Screw Beauty and the Beast, that’s the love story Disney should tell.
Sheldon: Okay, what do we start with? Maybe splicing some genes, clone a sheep, perhaps grow a human ear on a mouse’s back? Ha-ha, I’m a freak!
Amy: Oh, I’m gonna be doing some brain stem histology while you put yourself on the business end of a sponge and wash those beakers.
Sheldon: Wash those bea… Oh, I get it, a little hazing for the new fella. Yeah, I’d better keep and eye out for, what, shoe polish on the microscope, or mad cow disease in my grilled cheese sandwich?
Amy: No, I just need those beakers washed. Hippity-hop, quick like a bunny.
Sheldon: What? Excuse me, you have Dr. Sheldon Cooper in your lab. You’re gonna make him do the dishes? That’s like asking the Incredible Hulk to open a pickle jar.
Amy: Sheldon, you’ve never worked in a lab like this before. You have no experience in the field of biology.
Sheldon: I have plenty of experience in biology. I bought a Tamagotchi in 1998. And it’s still alive. Let’s do this.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: Where’s Howard?
Raj: No hi, Raj? No how are you, Raj? Just straight to where’s the other white guy?
Leonard: I’m sorry. So, listen, I heard something about him. Can you keep it between us?
Raj: Ooh, gossip. When I first got here, I thought you Americans really gossiped around the water cooler. So I hung out there for, like, a month, but the only gossip I ever heard was about some creepy guy hanging out by the water cooler.
Leonard: Bernadette wants to get a pre-nup.
Raj: Oh, that’s a shame, he’s gonna be devastated.
Leonard: I never know what to do in these situations. Should I give him a heads-up?
Raj: Hmm. I’m gonna give you the same advice I yell at the TV when the Bachelor’s handing out roses. Follow your heart.
Howard: Check it out. Look at the size of that Rice Krispie Treat. Same price.
Leonard: Hey, Howard, I need to tell you something.
Howard: I know, it’s not on my wedding diet. I don’t care.
Leonard: Uh, listen, I heard that Bernadette’s thinking about asking you for a pre-nup.
Howard: A pre-nup? Wow.
Leonard: What are you gonna do?
Howard: I don’t know.
Raj: Follow your heart.
Howard: You know what, it’s not a big deal. She makes more money than me. She wants to protect her financial interests. It’s completely reasonable.
Leonard; Good. That’s a healthy attitude.
Howard: Yeah, actually, it’s good for both of us. I have assets to protect, too.
Raj: Like what?
Howard: I’ve got some rare comic books. The Vespa’s almost paid off. And Ma and I have a primo double cemetery plot at Mt. Sinai right near the guy who played Mr. Roper on Three’s Company.
Raj: Mr. Roper’s dead? You can’t just spring that on a guy.
Scene: Amy’s laboratory.
Sheldon: Here you go. This is now the only lab with glassware washed by a man with two doctorates and a restraining order signed by Carl Sagan.
Amy: Soap spots. Wash ’em again.
Sheldon: Y-you’re being ridiculous. Those are perfectly clean.
Amy: Sheldon, this beaker used to contain cerebral spinal fluid from an elephant that died of syphilis. If it’s, in fact, perfectly clean, drink from it.
Sheldon: Biologists are mean.
Later.
Amy: All right, perhaps this task will be a little bit more up your alley. I need you to count the bacteria spores on these petri dishes.
Sheldon: There was something wrong with that detergent. That was way too bubbly.
Amy: I’m sure it was.
Sheldon: I intend to write that soap company a strongly worded letter.
Amy: Yeah, good for you. Now, start counting.
Sheldon: You know what this place needs? A suggestion box.
Later.
Sheldon: 366… 367…
Amy: How’s it going?
Sheldon: How’s counting going? When I was in kindergarten, I recited pi to a thousand places for the school talent show. I think I got this.
Amy: Great.
Sheldon: Aw, nuts! One…
Later.
Sheldon: This is preposterous. I think you’re giving me these tasks because you’re afraid if you give me anything meaningful to do, I’ll show you up.
Amy: Really? Is that what you think?
Sheldon: Yes, that’s what I think. And I’m super smart, so it’s probably true.
Amy: Hey, I’ve been training in the field of neurobiology for 12 years. You’ve been here for three hours, and you’ve spent one of them in the bathroom.
Sheldon: I’m sorry. It takes me a while to get things going on an unfamiliar toilet.
Amy: Sheldon, I’ve given you the simplest things to do, and you haven’t done one of them right.
Sheldon: Maybe that’s because I’m not being challenged. It’s the same reason Einstein failed math.
Amy: Maybe the math was too bubbly for him.
Sheldon: You think you’re doing science by cutting up that brain? They could do the same thing at any Quiznos. And they’d offer to toast it for me, too.
Amy: Okay, smart guy. I’m about to remove the locus coeruleus, which is incredibly delicate work. Have at it.
Sheldon: All right. I’m no stranger to a little gray matter. Locus coeruleus. Locus coeruleus.
Amy: You’re getting warmer, it is, indeed, in the brain. Hope your hands are steady. It’s the width of a single hair. But this is just biology, so I’m sure it’s no problem for a genius like you.
Sheldon: It’s not. I’ll have you know, in the field of physics, we work with particles so small, they make fat jokes about the locus coeruleus, i.e., when your locus coeruleus sits around the house, it sits around the house.
Amy: Oh, are we nervous, Dr. Cooper?
Sheldon: No. What you see is a man trembling with confidence. Does a locus coeruleus normally bleed that much?
Amy: No. But your thumb does.
Sheldon: Oh, dear. (Faints)
Amy: Yeah, you’re a biologist.
Scene: The bar at the Cheesecake Factory.
Howard: What are you doing here?
Sheldon: I’m on vacation. Social convention dictates that I let my hair down at a local watering hole. Social convention is stupid.
Howard: What happened to your thumb?
Sheldon: You know, I have ten fingers and ten toes. If I tell you a story about each one of them, we’ll be here all day, let’s just move on.
Barman: What can I get you?
Sheldon: Ah, seeing as I’m on vacation, a pina colada seems appropriate. Extra pineapple slices, extra whipped cream, extra cherries, extra umbrellas, and, uh, hold the rum. Don’t let me have too many of those.
Penny: Hey, what are you guys doing here?
Howard: We’re grown men, we drink at bars.
Penny: No and no. Everything okay with you and Bernadette?
Howard: Oh, yeah, sure.
Penny: You and Amy? Good?
Sheldon: Oh, better than good.
Penny: You know those girls text me every detail of their lives as it happens.
Howard: I’m not signing a pre-nup.
Penny: All right, Howard Wolowitz, listen up. You sign anything she puts in front of you, because you are the luckiest man alive. If you let her go, there is no way you can find anyone else. Speaking on behalf of all women, it is not gonna happen, we had a meeting. And you, a grown man fainting at the sight of a little blood.
Sheldon: Excuse me, this is a fairly substantial wound. (Removes plaster. Faints again)
Scene: Amy’s laboratory.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy?
Amy: What do you want?
Sheldon: I was kind of hoping I could continue vacationing in your laboratory. After all, I did book the whole week.
Amy: Do you honestly think you can just waltz back in here after the way you behaved yesterday?
Sheldon: I was not myself. I had lost a lot of thumb blood.
Amy: That’s not an apology.
Sheldon: That is your opinion.
Amy: I want a real apology.
Sheldon: I’m sorry that you weren’t able to…
Amy: No.
Sheldon: That my genius…
Amy: No.
Sheldon: That the soap was…
Amy: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Fine. Sorry.
Amy: You’re forgiven. Now, if you want to stay, get started on those beakers. They’re still dirty from yesterday.
Sheldon: Next year I’m going to Epcot.
Scene: Bernadette’s car.
Bernadette: Are you mad at me?
Howard: No. I’m not mad at you. I just wish you would have come to me, so I didn’t have to hear it through the nerd-vine.
Bernadette: So, what are we gonna do?
Howard: You really want me to sign a pre-nup?
Bernadette: I don’t know. My dad’s pretty insistent on it, though.
Howard: Why don’t I talk to your dad, man-to-man?
Bernadette: Really? Oh, that’d be so great.
Howard: Done.
Bernadette: I should probably give you a heads-up about a couple of things. Even though he’s retired from the police force, he still carries his gun. But don’t worry, he won’t shoot it. It’s more of a fashion statement.
Howard: Okay.
Bernadette: And just to be safe, when you talk to him, don’t bring up Jimmy Carter, gardeners, foreign people, homosexuals, Sean Penn, Vatican II, gun control, organic food, the designated hitter rule, recycling or the fact that you’re Jewish.
Howard: Got it, got it. Will you e-mail me that list?
Bernadette: So the thing to watch for, if he’s shouting at you, you’re okay, but if he starts to get real quiet, leave as quickly as you can without making eye contact. Not in a straight line, throw some zigs and zigs in there.
Howard: You know, this isn’t that pressing. Why don’t I talk to him about it in May.
Bernadette: In May you’re gonna be on the International Space Station.
Howard: They’ve got a phone.
 								
			
				Scene: A corridor at the university
Raj: It was a nice retirement party.
Howard: I guess. Still, it’s a shame Professor Rothman was forced to step down.
Leonard: What choice did the university have? He snapped. It happens to theoretical physicists all the time.
Howard: I wonder how long Sheldon’s got.
Sheldon: These shrimp are all the same size. There’s no the logical order to eat them in.
Leonard: Can’t be very long.
Raj: Hey, look, there’s Rothman’s empty office. Sad.
Leonard: Yeah.
Sheldon: Mm, indeed.
Howard: So sad.
Sheldon: Dibs.
Kripke: What’s up, fewwas?
Sheldon: What are you doing here, Kripke?
Kripke: Ah, measuwing my new office for dwapes.
Sheldon: This is not your office. It hasn’t been assigned yet.
Kripke: Well, I called dibs at the Chwistmas party when Pwofessor Wothman twied to have intercourse with the toys for tots cowwection box.
Sheldon: Dibs? This is a university, not a playground. Offices are not assigned because someone called dibs.
Leonard: You just called dibs.
Sheldon: Shut it. Offices are assigned by seniority. I arrived at the university first.
Kripke: I awwived at the office first. I’m the pwoverbial earwy bird.
Rothman (entering, naked): Gentlemen.
All: Professor Rothman.
Rothman: Good evening.
All: Good evening.
Raj: I’m glad that men are wearing hats again. They’re so distinguished.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Amy: I got you a little something.
Penny: A little something? Oh, it… what, this is huge.
Amy: What’s huge is what you’ve done for me.
Penny: Oh, no, Amy, I haven’t done anything.
Amy: No, no, before I met you, I was a mousy wallflower. But look at me now. I’m like some kind of downtown hipster party girl. With a posse, a boyfriend and a new lace bra that hooks in the front, of all things. Open it. Open it.
Penny: Okay. (Opens parcel to find a huge and not at all flattering painting of Penny and Amy)
Amy: I wanted to get you something you didn’t have.
Penny: Wow. I-I don’t know what to s… Wow.
Amy: Do you like it?
Penny: Do I like it? Wow.
Amy: So, uh, where are you gonna hang it?
Penny: Oh, my God. Hang it. Wow. Um, you know, I’d have to go get a hook and nails and a hammer and…
Amy: No problem.
Penny: Oh, look. You, huh, you just, you got it all right there. Wow.
Scene: A bathroom at the university.
Sheldon: I found him. He’s in the bathroom. President Siebert?
Siebert: Can’t this wait?
Sheldon: I’m sorry. We just need a word.
Siebert: Now? You realize I’m your boss, and I am holding my penis?
Kripke: Sheldon, give the man some pwivacy. I’m sowwy. This guy’s got no wespect for boundawies.
Siebert: What do you want?
Kripke: Will you tell this wunatic that Pwofessor Wothman’s office is wightfully mine?
Siebert: Can’t you take this up with your department chairman?
Sheldon: We tried. His assistant said he was on sabbatical. Although we distinctly heard his office window open and shut.
Siebert: Gentlemen, there’s a task I’m trying to accomplish here, and I’m having trouble doing it.
Sheldon: Oh, my. President Siebert, I don’t mean to be an alarmist, but difficulty initiating a urine stream could be a symptom of benign prostatic hyperplasia. If you’re interested, I can send you a link to a YouTube video that’ll show you how to perform your own rectal exam. Yeah, uh, helpful hint, trim your nails first.
Kripke: Ignore him, Pwesident Siebert. I’m sure a young man such as yourself has a perfectwy healthy pwostate.
Sheldon: Oh, he’s just trying to butter you up. And for the record, butter is an excellent lubricant for your rectal exam.
Siebert: Gentlemen, I’m going to allow the two of you to work this out because A, you’re both brilliant scientists, and B, as far as who gets Rothman’s office, I couldn’t give the furry crack of a rat’s behind.
Kripke: Well, as wong as we’re here, I might as well take a weak.
Sheldon: Kripke?
Kripke: Yes?
Sheldon: You’re in my spot.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Bernadette: That is big.
Penny: So big.
Bernadette: And ugly.
Penny: So ugly. What am I gonna do?
Bernadette: I don’t know. You can’t take it down. You’ll break her heart. Look at that face. That enormous, unsettling, crazy face.
Penny: Is there any chance I’ll learn to love it?
Bernadette: That depends. Do you like pictures of yourself where you look like a man?
Penny: All right, it’s got to go.
Bernadette: What will you tell Amy?
Penny: How about I tell her the painting makes you feel jealous because you’re not in it?
Bernadette: Nuh-uh. What if she gets me one? I already have a picture of me and Howard’s mom getting our hair cornrowed in Venice Beach. I’ve suffered enough.
Penny: Well, I guess I could take it down and put it up when she comes over, but it’s kind of heavy.
Bernadette: Mmm, too bad you’re not as strong as the dude in the painting.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Would you look at this? I paid twenty five dollars to some kid on eBay for a handcrafted Harry Potter wand. He sent me a stick. He went into his backyard, he picked up a stick.
Howard: It’s numbered.
Raj: Ooh, limited edition. Nice.
Sheldon (knock on door): Oh, that’ll be Kripke.
Leonard: What’s he doing here?
Sheldon: We’re going to work this office situation out like gentlemen. And if that doesn’t work, I’m going to poison his tea.
Kripke: Cooper.
Sheldon: Kripke. Come in. I’m making tea. Would you like a cup?
Kripke: Am I weawing a summer fwock? No, I don’t want tea. Wet’s get down to bwass tacks.
Sheldon: Fine. In the interest of preserving our friendship…
Kripke: We’re not fwiends.
Sheldon: Well, that’s a little hard to hear, but all right. As you know, the essence of diplomacy is compromise. With that in mind, I propose the following. I will take Rothman’s office, and you will find a way to be okay with that.
Kripke: How about I take Wothman’s office, and you go suck a wemon?
Sheldon: You sure I can’t get you that cup of tea?
Raj: How about you decide this with Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock?
Kripke: What the fwig is that?
Sheldon: Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock was created by Internet pioneer Sam Kass as an improvement on the classic game Rock-Paper-Scissors. All hail Sam Kass.
All: Hail.
Kripke: How does it work?
Sheldon: Oh, it’s very simple. Scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock, rock crushes lizard, lizard poisons Spock, Spock smashes scissors, scissors decapitates lizard, lizard eats paper, paper disproves Spock, Spock vaporizes rock, and as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
Kripke: I’m sowwy. Can you wepeat that?
Sheldon: Well, of course. Scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock, rock crushes lizard, lizard poisons Spock, Spock smashes scissors, scissors decapitates lizard, lizard eats paper, paper disproves Spock, Spock vaporizes rock, and as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
Kripke: Almost got it. One more time.
Sheldon: Surely. Scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock, rock…
Howard: Sheldon, stop. He’s screwing with you.
Sheldon: Is he? Well, then, it seems we have reached an impasse. I see no other option than to challenge you to a duel. I’d smack you with a glove, but just last week I packed away my winter things.
Howard: It’s the 21st century. You can’t have a duel.
Leonard: H-h-h-hang on, Howard. Barry, how good of a shot are you?
Sheldon: Not pistols. Minds. A trivia contest, and you may choose the field of battle. Star Trek trivia, Star Trek: Next Generation trivia, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine trivia, Star Trek: Voyager trivia, or model trains.
Kripke: You have a compwete advantage in twivia. You have an eidetic memowy. Pwus, I haven’t watched Star Twek since I discovered the stwip cwub near my apartment has a fwee buffet.
Leonard: It’s gonna be hard to find something you’re both equally good at.
Raj: Is there anything you’re both equally bad at?
Both: Sports.
Scene: A basketball court.
Leonard: All right, this is one-on-one. First person to five wins the office. Any questions? Yes, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Five what?
Leonard: Balls in the basket. (Throws ball to Sheldon)
Sheldon (dodging out of the way): Ew!
Later. Sheldon dribbling ball, approached Kripke, throws it wildly at a pile of mats in the corner.
Kripke: It’s out, wight?
Later. Kripke, dribbling ball, watched by Sheldon, dribbles it all the way into the back wall.
Kripke: Time. Wan out of woom.
Leonard: You know all those terrible things bullies used to do to us?
Raj: Yeah.
Leonard: I get it.
Later. Kripke chases ball across room chased by Sheldon. Sounds of collision. Sheldon chases ball back across the room chased by Kripke.
Later. Ball hits Sheldon in back of head.
Sheldon: Hey! He did that on purpose,
Leonard: No, he didn’t. Nothing that’s happening here is being done on purpose. Okay, uh, forget one-on-one. Let’s try a free throw contest. First person who makes a basket wins the office.
Kripke: Making it too easy there, Hofstadter.
Leonard: No. No, I’m not.
Sheldon: Use the force, Sheldon. Use the force. (Throws ball. It goes about two feet in front of him.) I’m gonna need more force.
Kripke: Aw wight, Cooper, pwepare to have your heart bwoken. (Throws ball up. It hits the ceiling and doesn’t come down.) Do I get points for that?
Later. A trampoline has been added. Sheldon tries first, ball hits backboard, bounces back in his face. Kripke tries next, with a run up, ends up crashing into the back wall again.
Later.
Leonard: All right, we gave it 45 minutes. It’s no longer funny. Let’s try something else.
Sheldon: What do you propose?
Leonard: Uh, on the count of three, both of you bounce the balls as hard as you can. The highest bounce wins the office.
Kripke: Oh, you are going down, Cooper.
Sheldon: I don’t think so, Kripke. I’ve bounced many a rubber ball in my day.
Leonard: All right, that’s enough trash talk. One, two, three.
Howard: Sheldon was higher.
Leonard: Congratulations, Sheldon. You win office.
Sheldon: Who’s unsatisfactory in P.E. now?
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Amy: Oh, what a great movie.
Penny: I cannot believe you’ve never seen Grease.
Amy: My mother didn’t allow me to watch it. She was afraid it might encourage me to join a gang.
Bernadette: I’ve got to go. I’ve got to get up early. My company’s testing a new steroid that supposedly doesn’t shrink testicles, and the last one there has to do the measuring.
Amy: I guess I should get going, too. Good night, painting Penny. Good night, real Penny.
Penny: Good night, real Amy.
Amy: You don’t have to say good night to painting Amy, ’cause she’s never leaving.
Bernadette: Good night, real Penny.
Penny: Bye.
Bernadette: Good night, transvestite Penny.
Penny: Ah, okay. Let us take you off the wall. Out of sight, out of mind. I wish.
Amy (entering): You know, can I borrow that movie? Those singing hooligans really got my motor running.
Penny: Sure, sure. Enjoy. I mean, get it back to me when you can, or, you know what, actually, you keep it. It’s just going to be my gift to you. Bye.
Amy: Thank you. Wait. Where’d the painting go?
Penny: It’s right over there.
Amy: Why?
Penny: I have no idea. That is weird.
Amy: You hate it.
Penny: No. No, no. It’s just, it’s a little big.
Amy: I feel like an idiot.
Penny: No, come on, you’re not an idiot. Look, just help me put it back up.
Amy: Why? So you can just take it down when I leave? I don’t need your pity.
Penny: Oh, Amy, come on.
Amy: I’m just glad I didn’t go for the sculpture.
Scene: Rothman’s office.
Sheldon: Ah, the spoils. I see why victors love them.
Raj: I’m happy for you, Sheldon. But I have to admit I’m going to miss sharing an office with you.
Sheldon: Oh, of course you are. Feel free to drop by any time.
Raj: Thank you.
Sheldon: Yeah. Call first. (Pushes him out. Closes door. Rothman is standing naked behind it.)
Rothman: Oh. Hello.
Sheldon: Professor Rothman. This isn’t your office any more. You’re retired.
Rothman: I think the word you’re looking for is invisible.
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Penny: I came to say I’m sorry.
Amy: Don’t bother.
Penny: Oh, Amy, please.
Amy: I’m so humiliated. I sat there the whole time that we were watching Grease, thinking you liked the painting.
Penny: I know.
Amy: I was a fool from Summer Lovin’ to the very last rama lama lama ke ding a de dinga a dong.
Penny: You’re right. You’re absolutely right. I should have been honest with you and told you the gift was too much.
Amy: Yes, too much. Because our friendship is fundamentally asymmetrical. I clearly like you more than you like me.
Penny: I don’t think you can put a number on how much one person likes another.
Amy: I bought you a painting that’s 12 square feet in area. There’s a number.
Penny: Amy, come on…
Amy: If you don’t like feet, you can try dollars. The painting set me back three grand.
Penny: Three gr… Oh, my God! Look, look, Amy, all you need to know is, you are my friend and I don’t want to lose you out of my life.
Amy: I’m sorry, I’m just having trouble believing you right now.
Penny: Grab your hammer.
Amy: No. Damage is done.
Penny: Okay, look, I didn’t want to say this, but the real reason I took the painting down was because it made Bernadette very jealous.
Amy: Oh, my goodness, how could I have not seen that? The painting is a constant reminder that of the three of us, she is the least cool.
Penny: Yeah, th-th-th-that’s what it is, so…
Amy: You have such a good heart.
Penny: Huh, I try.
Amy: Come on.
Penny: Well where are we going?
Amy: We’re going to go put this painting back up in your apartment.
Penny: Well, what about Bernadette?
Amy: Oh, screw her. She’s just lucky we let her hang out with us.
Scene: Rothman’s office. Sheldon is trying to affix paper over a fiercely blowing air vent.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Sheldon: I’m trying to raise the temperature in here before my nipples tear through my shirt.
Howard: Why don’t you just turn up the thermostat?
Sheldon: Aha! Good question. It turns out the thermostat for my new office isn’t in my new office. No. It’s next door, in Professor Davenport’s office, who is currently enjoying the hot flashes associated with menopause.
Leonard: Why is there a hole here?
Sheldon: Why is there a hole in my new office? I’ve narrowed it down to two possibilities: There was something in the wall that someone outside the wall wanted, or the more disturbing, there was something in the wall that wanted out.
Raj: Well, at least you finally got a window that opens. That’s nice.
Sheldon: Is it? Listen.
Raj: What, you don’t like wind chimes?
Sheldon: No, I hate them, but it gets worse. There it is.
Howard: The bird?
Sheldon: Yeah, It’s completely out of tune with the wind chimes.
Raj: So?
Sheldon: You don’t get it, do you? That’s a mockingbird. Mockingbirds can change their song, which means he’s out of tune on purpose. He’s mocking me. Oh dear. There it is again. Do you feel it?
Howard: The growing realization that you are one wacky bastard? Yep.
Sheldon: No. The vibration. We are directly underneath the geology lab, and they’re running their confounded sieve shakers again. Hey, gravel monkeys, if you need to shake rocks, try jiggling your heads around!
Leonard: Sheldon, relax.
Sheldon: How can I relax? My nervous system is being stretched out like the strings of a harp and plucked by holes and birds and wind and the low-hanging scrotum of the difficult-to-evict Professor Rothman.
Leonard: If you’re not happy, why don’t you just let Kripke have the office?
Sheldon: What, and let him win? Do I look crazy to you? We’re trying to think down here, you geode-loving feldspar jockeys! (To the bird) And you, the notes are C, D, E, G and A. You pick one or I am chopping down that tree!
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: How’s that?
Amy: Little higher on the right.
Penny: Now?
Amy: Little more. No. That’s got it.
Penny: Yeah, okay. That’s, uh, that’s good.
Amy: I’ll let you in on a little secret.
Penny: Mm.
Amy: Originally we were painted nude. But I had him add clothes, ’cause I thought it was an unnecessary challenge to our heterosexuality.
Penny: Yeah, good call.
Amy: But if you ever change your mind, all it would take is some warm, soapy water and a couple of sponges.
Penny: You’re talking about the painting, right?
Amy: Sure.
Scene: Rothman’s office. Sheldon has his head stuck in the hole in the wall.
Sheldon: Help! Somebody help!
Leonard: What happened?
Sheldon: I was trying to see what was in here and my head got stuck.
Leonard: Why would you do that?
Sheldon: It’s called scientific curiosity. Now go get butter.
Leonard: Hang in there. I’ll be right back. (Takes out phone and takes a photo. Sits down and starts posting it online.)
 								
			
				Scene: A barber’s shop.
Leonard: I’m just gonna run to the store and get a few things. I’ll pick you up when you’re done.
Sheldon: Okay. I like it a little better when you stay, but all right.
Barber: Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hello. I’m here for my haircut with Mr. D’Onofrio.
Barber: I’m sorry, Uncle Tony’s in the hospital. He’s pretty sick.
Sheldon: Oh, dear, Mr. D’Onofrio’s in the hospital. Why do these things always happen to me?
Barber: I can cut it for you.
Sheldon: You’re not Mr. D’Onofrio. I get my hair cut by Mr. D’Onofrio. You believe this guy?
Leonard: Excuse us for a second. Sheldon, it’s okay, he can do it. He’s a barber.
Sheldon: He’s not a barber, he’s the nephew. He’s an example of the kind of nepotism that runs rampant in the barbering industry. Besides, Mr. D’Onofrio knows exactly how I like my hair done because he has all my haircut records from my barber in Texas.
Leonard: What are you talking about?
Sheldon: When I first moved here I was nervous about finding a new barber, so my mother had all my haircut records sent here to Mr. D’Onofrio.
Leonard: There’s no such thing as haircut records.
Sheldon: Yes, there are.
Leonard: Have you ever seen them?
Sheldon: No, but my mother assured me they were sent here, and I’ll bet you dollars to doughnuts that this one doesn’t have them. Uh, excuse me. Do you have access to my haircut records?
Barber: Your what?
Sheldon: To paraphrase T.S. Eliot, this is the way the world ends, not with a bang but with a nephew.
Leonard: Sheldon, you’re a grown man, he’s a professional, and your haircut is number three on that poster from 1946. Just sit down and let him do it.
Sheldon: Fine, but if I come out of this looking like a dork, it’s on you. (Sits)
Barber: So my kid said the funniest thing today.
Sheldon: Nope. (Runs out)
Leonard: When you tell this story later, the word we usually use is quirky.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Can you pass the Parmesan cheese?
Leonard: Sure. What are you doing?
Sheldon: I’m trying to get the hair out of my eyes.
Leonard: Sheldon, you are one day late for your haircut.
Sheldon: Thank you for captioning my nightmare.
Howard: Lookie here, I got my travel orders.
Raj: Payload Specialist Howard Wolowitz is requested to report to the NASA Johnson Space Center, Houston, Texas, for astronaut training Monday eight a.m.
Howard: Yeah, but it’s from NASA, so it’s oh eight hundred.
Raj: But it says eight a.m.
Howard: You read it as oh eight hundred.
Raj: It doesn’t have an oh in front of it.
Howard: You know what does have an oh in front of it? Oh, my God, I’m an astronaut, and you’re dying of jealousy.
Leonard: So, what kind of things are they… (to Sheldon) will you stop that?
Sheldon: I can’t help it, I feel like a teen heartthrob.
Penny: You know, Sheldon, I used to cut my brother’s hair. I could do it for you.
Sheldon: Penny, I know you mean well, offering the skills of the hill folk, but, um, here in town we don’t churn our own butter, we don’t, uh, make dresses out of gunny sacks, and, uh, we sure as shootin’ don’t get our hair cut by bottle-blonde…
Leonard: Sheldon, be nice.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, it’s the bad boy attitude that comes with this hair.
Raj: You could go to my guy. He’s at Juan-Juan in Beverly Hills. They bring you a cup of tea, they’ll massage your scalp. It’s about two hundred dollars, but sometimes you look in the next chair and you see a superstar like Tony Danza.
Howard: Quick question here, have we actually changed the conversation from I’m going
to astronaut training to Sheldon can’t get a haircut?
Raj: Now who’s dying of jealousy? Oh, it’s you.
Scene: Amy’s apartment. Amy is playing her harp.
Amy: I’m a cowboy, on a steel horse I ride. I’m wanted… I’m wanted… wanted, dead or alive. Sheldon, you’re ruining girlfriend-boyfriend sing-along night.
Sheldon: I’m sorry. I’m looking for a barber and I’m running out of time. My hair is growing at the rate of 4.6 yoctometers per femtosecond. I mean, if you’re quiet, you can hear it.
Amy: What about Supercuts?
Sheldon: I tried once. They do men’s and women’s hair in the same room at the same time. It’s like Sodom and Gomorrah with mousse.
Amy: Well, this isn’t a crisis. Why don’t you just let your hair grow out a little?
Sheldon: Why don’t I let my hair grow out? Um, why don’t I start wearing Birkenstocks and, uh, uh, seeking validation of my opinions by asking can you dig it?
Amy: Well, I don’t know. I think you might look sexy with long hair. The kind that flows down to your shoulders and blows back while riding on a horse, bareback and bare-chested. I’m gonna go brush my teeth, it might take a while.
Scene: Bernadette’s bedroom.
Howard (on Skype): Hi.
Bernadette: Hi, sweetie.
Howard: I miss you.
Bernadette: I miss you, too. So tell me all about your first day.
Howard: Oh, wow, where do I even start? I got to experience zero gravity.
Bernadette: Cool. How do they do that?
Howard: It’s pretty neat. You get in this plane that goes almost straight up for, like, 20 seconds, and then straight back down like it’s going to crash, and they do it over and over again, you know, no matter how many times you throw up.
Bernadette: You threw up?
Howard: Yeah, and the craziest part is, because there’s no gravity, the throw-up kind of floats there, in a little ball, and if your mouth is open because you’re screaming, sometimes it just floats right back in. Boy, does everyone laugh at you when that happens.
Bernadette: That sounds mean.
Howard: No. Yeah, I would have laughed, too, but I didn’t want the vomit to come back out. Anyway, oh, could you do me a favour and overnight me some more underwear?
Bernadette: Sure, why?
Howard: I got a look at the centrifuge they’re going to spin me around in tomorrow, and I have a hunch I packed a little light.
Scene: A hospital ward.
Sheldon: Mr. D’Onofrio? It’s Sheldon. They didn’t have anything barber-themed in the gift shop, so I got you this. I don’t know if you can read his little T-shirt. It says, um, get well bear-y soon. Trust me, if you were even a little conscious right now, you’d be laughing. Anyway, there’s new studies that show, people in comas are aware of everything going on around them. With that in mind, if you can hear me, move away from the light and toward the sound of these scissors.
Nurse: Can I help you?
Sheldon: Yes. Do you have something I could use as a cape?
Nurse: Oh, dear, did we spit out our pills, slip out of the ninth floor, and go on a little adventure?
Sheldon: Oh, no, no, I’m just here to get my hair cut.
Nurse: I-I see. J-Jus-Just wait here one moment. Security!
Sheldon: I got to run. But not with scissors, that would be unsafe.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: So, if I move my horsey here, isn’t that checkmate and I win?
Leonard: Hmm.
Penny: Well, is it or isn’t it?
Leonard: You know, I think this is a good stopping point. Uh, it’s your first real game. I threw a lot of information at you.
Penny: Well, no, I mean, your king is trapped. He can’t go here because of my lighthouse, and he can’t go here because of my pointy-head guy.
Leonard: Like I said, complicated game.
Penny: So did I win or not?
Leonard: Did you have fun? Because if you had fun, then you are, you are a winner. Now that’s, that-that’s what chess is all about.
Sheldon: Hello.
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: Oh, hey. Sorry, Sheldon, I’ll move.
Sheldon: Eh, why? My spot, your spot, what difference does it make?
Penny: Okay, what just happened?
Leonard: I don’t know. Between you playing chess like Bobby Fischer and Sheldon being okay with you in his spot, I’m guessing someone went back in time, stepped on a bug, and changed the course of human events.
Penny: Uh, sweetie, are you all right?
Sheldon: No, I’m not all right. It’s been six days since I was supposed to get a haircut and nothing horrible has happened.
Penny: Okay, I’m sorry, I don’t understand.
Sheldon: Leonard, explain it to her.
Leonard: Oh, uh, he’s crazy.
Sheldon: I have spent my whole life trying to bring order to the universe by carefully planning every moment of every day. But all my efforts, our dinner schedule, my pyjama rotation, my bowel movement spreadsheet, it’s clear now, I’ve been wasting my time.
Leonard: Good. I’m taking that disgusting chart off the fridge.
Penny: You know, Sh-Sheldon, sometimes it’s nice not knowing what’s coming. I mean, look at me and Leonard. We went out, we broke up, now we’re trying again. We don’t know what’s gonna happen.
Sheldon: Oh, please, everyone knows what’s going to happen. But I see your point.
Leonard: I think this could be good for you. Maybe it’s time for you to shake things up a bit.
Sheldon: You’re right. I should embrace the chaos.
Leonard: Great. What are you going to do first?
Sheldon: I don’t know. I could do anything. All bets are off. The world is my oyster. I got it. I’m going to put on my Tuesday pyjamas tonight.
Leonard: I got to tell you, I’m a little worried about him.
Penny: If I were you, I’d be worried that a girl who’s never played chess in her life just kicked your ass.
Scene: Bernadette’s bedroom.
Howard (on Skype): Hi.
Bernadette: Howie, what happened to you?
Howard: We did overnight survival training in the wilderness. Big fun. Big, big fun. I was gonna freshen up for you but I blacked out a little on the way to the bathroom.
Bernadette: Survival training? Is that like camping?
Howard: Uh-huh. Except you don’t have food or water, and they don’t have a sunset Sabbath service like they do at Camp Hess-Kramer.
Bernadette: Do you sleep in tents?
Howard: No. I slept in a hole I dug in the ground with my bare hands. And at some point during the night, an armadillo crawled in and spooned me.
Bernadette: Poor baby.
Howard: But I did it. I survived. I wasn’t sure I was going to when the sandstorm hit. I just pulled my turtleneck up over my head and waited for death. But somehow as I sat there, wrapped in a cocoon of my own neck-sweat, I found that primal part of the human spirit that just wants to keep on living, no matter what the cost.
Bernadette: You’re so brave. I’m proud of you.
Howard: I ate a butterfly. It was so small and beautiful, but I was so hungry.
Bernadette: Are you crying?
Howard: No, I don’t think it’s possible. I’m severely dehydrated. My pee is like toothpaste.
Bernadette: Howie, if you’re not able to do this, come home. It won’t change how I feel about you.
Howard: Thanks, honey, but I can’t quit. If I do, I’ll just be a guy who had a chance to be an astronaut and gave it up.
Bernadette: Well, is there anything I could do to help?
Howard: No. Wait. Send more underwear.
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom. Leonard wakes to the sound of bongos.
Leonard (going to living room): Don’t let this be Sheldon playing bongos. Please don’t let this be Sheldon playing bongos.
Sheldon: Hello, Leonard, do you like my bongos? Bet you didn’t know that I had bongos.
Leonard: Sheldon, it’s three o’clock in the morning.
Sheldon: Three in the morning is a good time for bongos.
Leonard: I was sleeping.
Sheldon: Leonard sleeps while I play bongos.
Leonard: No, he doesn’t.
Sheldon: Leonard no sleep while I play bongos. Bongo solo.
Leonard: Stop! Stop it! Stop! Stop! Stop it!
Penny (entering): What the hell?!
Leonard: Oh, hi, Penny, guess what? Sheldon got bongos.
Penny: Why did you get bongos?
Sheldon: Richard Feynman played the bongos. I thought I’d give that a try.
Leonard: Richard Feynman was a famous physicist.
Penny: Oh, Leonard, it’s three o’clock in the morning. I don’t care if Richard Feynman was a purple leprechaun who lived in my butt.
Sheldon: Penny meant if he were a purple leprechaun. Penny forgot to use the subjunctive.
Leonard: Sheldon, go to bed. You have work in the morning.
Sheldon: Maybe, maybe not. Maybe tomorrow I start a bongo band and tour the world.
Leonard: W-w-wuh, no, no, hang on,uh, uh, roommate agreement. No hootenannies, sing-a-longs, or barbershop quartets after ten p.m.
Sheldon: Roommate agreement? Are you kidding? We are living in a world of chaos. Roommate agreement.
Penny: Where are you going?
Sheldon: Wherever the music takes me, kitten. I play bongos walking down the stairs. (Sound of falling) Oh! Oh! Never play bongos walking down the stairs.
Scene: Howard’s hotel room. There is a knock on the door.
Bernadette: Surprise.
Howard: What are you doing here?
Bernadette: I’m here to help you get through this. You can’t do it on your own, you need someone to take care of you.
Howard: Oh, I love you so much.
Bernadette: Oh, I love you.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard, your bath is getting cold!
Howard: Don’t worry, once she falls asleep, I’ll spoon you like an armadillo.
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Amy: He showed up in the middle of the night with his bongos. I foolishly thought it was some sort of musical booty call.
Leonard: Poor guy. He must have been exhausted. Sheldon like to sleep while Leonard play the bongo!
Amy: That was kind of uncalled for.
Leonard: No, it was called for.
Sheldon: What’s going on?
Penny: All right, Sheldon, this craziness has gone on long enough. Please come home so I can cut your hair.
Sheldon: Penny, you’re not trained. You’re not licensed. Most importantly, you don’t have access to my haircut records.
Penny: All right, honey, look, we’ve known each other for a long time now, right? I’ve taken you to Disneyland, I kicked a bully in the nuts for you, I sing you Soft Kitty when you’re sick, you’ve even saw me naked once.
Leonard: I’m sorry, duh, what?
Penny: It was a long story. Anyway, Sheldon, I promise I know what I’m doing. Please let me cut your hair.
Sheldon: Amy, what do you think?
Amy: There’s not a hair on my body I wouldn’t let this woman trim.
Sheldon: Fine, let’s go. Thank you for letting me sleep on your couch.
Amy: There’s only so many times a woman can say how about the bed?
Leonard: What’s this about Sheldon seeing you naked?
Sheldon: Oh, relax. It was just her bottom and her breasts.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. Penny is cutting Sheldon’s hair.
Penny: Almost done.
Sheldon: At the end of the haircut, Mr. D’Onofrio would tell me a dirty joke.
Penny: Well, sorry, I don’t know any dirty jokes.
Sheldon: That’s okay, I never understood them anyway.
Penny: Okay, what do you think?
Sheldon: Hmm, well, it’s a little Hollywood. But I think I can pull it off. Well done, Penny.
Penny: Ha, told you. Okay, I’m just gonna clean up your neck a little and then you are good to go.
Sheldon: Fun time. Hah. Sorry, sometimes the clippers tickle me.
Penny: Okay. (Sheldon laughs and jerks, Penny accidentally shaves a strip up the back of his head) Okay, yep, we’re all done now. It’s just, it’s good. Let me just take that away from you. Okay.
Sgeldon: Thank you very much.
Penny: You are welcome. Yeah, I’m gonna have to move.
 								
			
				Scene: The stairwell
Raj: Hey, want to spend some time playing the new Star Wars game this weekend?
Leonard: Oh, I don’t know. I kind of promised myself I’d get off the computer, be more physically active. Get some exercise.
Howard: You’re about to walk up three flights of stairs.
Leonard: Good point, I’m in.
Raj: You know what would be great? Let’s do it like the old days.
Leonard: You mean, are you talking gaming marathon?
Raj: Yeah. Start Saturday morning, go 48 hours, sleeping bags, junk food.
Howard: Turn off our phones so our moms can’t call.
Leonard: It would be like our World Of Warcraft a few years ago when the neighbours called the cops on us.
Howard: They called the cops because of the smell. They thought we were dead.
Raj: We were badass back in the day.
Leonard: All right, let’s do it.
Howard: 48 hours of Star Wars gaming.
Raj: It’s on like Alderaan.
Leonard: Hey, Sheldon, clear your weekend. Starting Saturday morning, Star Wars< marathon
Raj: Woo-hoo!
Sheldon: Movies or video games? Or board game? Or trading card games? Or Lego’s? Or dress up? Or comic books? Or dramatic readings of novelizations? Yes to all!
Leonard: We are going to play the online game.
Sheldon: The online game? Bully!
Amy: Gentlemen, as much as I’m sure Sheldon would enjoy playing intergalactic make-believe, he and I have other plans. We are attending my Aunt Flora’s 93rd birthday party.
Sheldon: Just tell her I can’t come.
Amy: She’ll be disappointed if we don’t show up.
Sheldon: She’s 93. She won’t be disappointed for very long.
Amy: No, hang on. I followed all the protocols set forth by you in the relationship agreement. I made a written record request 72 hours in advance. I checked the tyre pressure on the car. I even contacted the Centres For Disease Control to find out what shots they recommend for travel to Orange County. FYI, it’s none.
Sheldon: Amy, the relationship agreement was not designed for either one of us to get our way.
Amy: You use it to get your way.
Sheldon: I use it to get the right way. The fact that the right way is also my way is a happy coincidence.
Amy: You gave me your word. You’re coming with me.
Leonard: We’ll miss you, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, who wants to spend the whole weekend, running around a bunch of pretend planets battling made up monsters. That’s for babies.
Howard: Yeah, but it’s got lightsabres.
Sheldon: Yeah, please, Amy! It’s got lightsabres!
Credits sequence.
Scene: The comic book store.
Sheldon: Hello Stuart.
Stuart: Hey Sheldon. Help you with anything?
Sheldon: Yes. I’m attending a party this weekend, for a 93-year-old woman. Can you recommend a gift?
Stuart: Uh, I don’t know. Could put a tennis ball on the end of Excalibur. Make a pretty badass cane.
Sheldon: Do you supply the the tennis ball?
Stuart: No.
Sheldon: Then no. What else?
Stuart: Hmm. Oh, have this collectors edition Batman utility belt. Maybe she can use it as a wearable pill caddy.
Sheldon: Well, she’d just look silly wearing that without the rest of the costume.
Stuart: I’m sorry Sheldon, that’s it. That’s all I got.
Sheldon: Oh, it’s not your fault. I’ve been to the model train store. I’ve been to Radio Shack. This woman is impossible to shop for.
Leonard: I’d make fun of Sheldon for having girl problems if I wasn’t in shock that Sheldon has girl problems.
Sheldon: No, Leonard, go ahead and mock. Like my daddy always said, Shelly, women aren’t anything but flippin’ pains in the bottom.
Leonard: That’s what your father used to say?
Sheldon: Well, I took out the bad words and the yeehaw, but you get the gist.
Howard: Look, if you don’t want to go to the party, just don’t go. You’re a grown man. Act like one. Tell Amy you want to spend the weekend having a sleepover and playing video games with your friends. Maybe she’ll dig it. Women like a firm hand on the tiller.
Raj: I can never find the tiller. I got a book; it didn’t help.
Sheldon: Yeah, I always thought if I were ever enslaved, it would be by an advanced species from another planet, not some hotsy-totsy from Glendale.
Howard: Now, I downloaded an app that might be helpful in this situation. (Phone makes whip sound)
Sheldon: You’re right. I’m smart as a whip. I should be able to figure this out.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Leonard: Hey, listen, I kind of made plans with the guys this weekend, but then I wondered, because we’re in this relationship-beta-test, if I should have asked you first. Then I thought if I did check with you first, you’d think that I was taking things to seriously. And then, then I got a nosebleed.
Penny: You don’t have to check with me. Do whatever you want.
Leonard: Oh. I guess I was hoping for a different reaction, but okay.
Penny: Really, what were you hoping for?
Leonard: I don’t know, maybe that you’d be a little upset, and then you’d realize that I’m a stallion that has to run free. And that would turn you on a little.
Penny: Okay, I’m an actress. Ask me again.
Leonard: Do you mind if I spend the weekend playing video games with the guys?
Penny: Whu… the entire weekend? You mean I wouldn’t see you at all? But I ju… No, no, I knew what I was getting into. You can’t put a saddle on Leonard Hofstadter. Oh, my, is it getting hot in here? Ay, papi.
Leonard: Ay papi? What is that?
Penny: An acting choice.
Leonard: Oh. So you chose that when you become turned on, you turn into Speedy Gonzalez?
Penny: Choo got a problem with that, papi?
Leonard: Uh-uh.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny! (Knock, knock, knock) Penny! (Knock, knock, knock) Penny!
Penny: Sorry, Stallion. Your weird friend Giraffe is here.
Sheldon: Hello, Penny. I just stopped by to bring you this gift.
Penny: Gummy bears? Thank you.
Sheldon: Now that you’re in my debt, please manipulate Amy into releasing me from my commitment to attend her aunt’s tedious birthday party.
Penny: Not a chance.
Sheldon: All right. I thought the candy might not be enough so let me up the ante. These are Cooper Coupons. These are for various things I can do for you. Um, oh, this one is for one free grammar check. Uh, you could use it for emails, letters, tattoos, what have you. Um, oh, this is fun one. This is an afternoon with me at the California Science Center, where I point out their mistakes.
Leonard: Keep an eye on those expiration dates, I’ve been burned more than once.
Penny: All right, sweetie, I’m not going to get involved in your relationship.
Sheldon: Oh, come on. It’s just a simple favour. Now, when’s the last time I asked you to do something for me?
Penny: Yesterday. You made me look in your ear to see if there was a ladybug in it.
Sheldon: When is the last time I asked you to do something that wasn’t a medical emergency?
Penny: Yesterday. You made me look in your ear to see if there was a ladybug in it.
Sheldon: All right, then, I have no choice but to go on to plan B.
Penny: What’s that?
Sheldon: I’m going to run around outside with a wet head and try to catch a cold.
Scene: Amy’s car.
Amy: Good morning.
Sheldon: Hello.
Amy: I think you’re really going to enjoy yourself today. Not only do you get to meet my relatives, but since my aunt’s nursing home is catering the party, all of the food is incredibly soft. It’s like a vacation for your teeth.
Sheldon: All right.
Amy: You sure you’re okay with this?
Sheldon: Yes. I decided to find a way that I could have this experience and enjoy it.
Amy: Thank you. That means a lot to me.
Sheldon: Oh, don’t thank me. Thank wireless technology. I realized, I can go to your aunt’s awful party and still spend the whole day gaming with my friends.
Amy: Sheldon, my relatives are going to want to talk to you, and you’re going to be sitting there playing a game? Isn’t that a little rude?
Sheldon: Oh, I got that covered. Headset. I won’t hear a word the old geezers are saying.
Amy: You know, if playing that game is more important to you than honouring your commitment to me, and you don’t mind me showing up at a party all by myself after I’ve already told everybody I’ll be bringing somebody, then, fine. Go home and play your game.
Sheldon: Thanks. Ooh, listen, I wouldn’t mind a piece of birthday cake, provided the old gal’s candle blow is clean and dry.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Here you go. I’ve got everything we’ll need for the big game. Low fat turkey jerky, low-carb beer, 100-calorie snack packs.
Leonard: You pick up a Y chromosome while you were there? You might be short one.
Raj: Hey, I plan on levelling up in the game, not my swimsuit size, thank you very much.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, the game offers us a choice between playing for the Republic and the light side, or the Sith Empire and the dark side.
Leonard: Well, we’re always the good guys. In D&D, we’re lawful good, in City Of Heroes, we’re the heroes, in Grand Theft Auto, we pay the prostitutes promptly and never hit them with a bat.
Sheldon: Those women are prostitutes? You said they were raising money for stem cell research.
Howard: Hey, guys, I got a surprise.
Leonard: Uh, if it’s yoghurt that helps ladies poop, I think Raj beat you to it.
Howard: No. Bernadette’s going to be playing with us. So, that’s pretty cool, huh? Right? Sure it is, yeah.
Raj: What, you invited your girlfriend? This is supposed to be our weekend.
Howard: I had no choice. Last night, she said, why don’t we go out for brunch tomorrow and then maybe the Arboretum. And I said, well, no, I promised the guys I was going to play a video game with them all weekend. And she said, that sounds like fun, can I come, too? And then I didn’t answer for a second, and then she said, well, do you not want me to come? And then I bought her a new laptop and the game, and she’s parking the car right now.
Sheldon: Is the whip sound app contextually appropriate here?
Leonard: Uh, it is, but I think you might’ve waited too long for it to be funny. (Whip sound) I was wrong, it’s still funny.
Sheldon: Oh, good. Hah-hah!
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Amy, what’s wrong?
Amy: My boyfriend’s a jerk.
Penny: Well, I know he didn’t cheat on you, so what happened?
Amy: I had to go to my aunt’s party all by myself, and everybody was like, where’s this boyfriend you’re always talking about? Is he real, or did you make him up like Armin the miniature horse breeder?
Penny: Who’s Armin the miniature horse breeder?
Amy: The pretend boyfriend I invented to get my family off my back. It unravelled quickly when I couldn’t answer the question how’d you two meet?
Penny: I would have thought at a miniature horse show.
Amy: Oh, that’s good.
Penny: Mm.
Amy: I panicked and said Woodstock. I just wanted to show Sheldon off to my family.
Penny: Sure, I get that. I mean, he’s your first boyfriend and all.
Amy: Not just my first boyfriend, he’s the best boyfriend. I mean, think about it. I’m dating Sheldon Cooper.
Penny: Yes. On purpose.
Amy: He’s handsome, he’s lanky, he’s brilliant, and his skin has that pale, waxy quality.
Penny: Well, sickly is the new sexy.
Amy: Yeah.
Penny: Mm. You know, Amy, sometimes when you’re in a relationship with someone you really care about, the sucky part is, it leaves you open to getting hurt.
Amy: Do you ever worry about Leonard doing that to you?
Penny: That’s hilarious. No.
Scene: The apartment.
Bernadette: Get that guy! Get that guy! Pew! Pew! Pew! Pew!
Sheldon: Dr. Rostenkowski, it may interest you to know that saying pew, pew, pew isn’t as effective as pressing your blaster key. In the same way that saying whee doesn’t make the land speeder go.
Bernadette: Pew!
Leonard: Raj, Imperial Troopers on your tail.
Raj: Got him. When Gandhi advocated his philosophy of non-violence, I bet he didn’t know how much fun it was killing stuff.
Leonard: All right, I think we got them all. Let’s divide up the loot.
Bernadette: Ooh, look at this pretty purple robe I just got. You should put on yours and then we’ll match.
Howard: But I worked hard to get this armour.
Bernadette: Sorry, I just thought it’d be nice if people knew we were a couple.
Howard: Fine, I’ll change. (Whip sound) 
Sheldon: Hah-hah!
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Amy: I don’t think I want to play a game.
Penny: Oh, come on. They’re playing one across the hall, we should, too. Okay, we are gonna take turns bouncing a quarter off the table, and if it goes into this cup, the other person has to drink. Then you get to go again…
Amy: Like that?
Penny: Wow. Yeah, b-beginner’s luck. So, now I will drink this entire cup of beer, and you will go again and we can… uh… all right. So, yeah, okay, now I’m gonna drink this entire cup and then I’m going to drink another one… Okay, seriously, stop. What the hell?
Amy: Spent a lot of my childhood throwing coins into wishing wells hoping for friends. At a certain point, you start doing trick shots just to keep things interesting.
Penny: Whoa, whoa, give me a second to catch up here. Hold on. (Sound of cheering)
Amy: That’d be my boyfriend. Happier playing his dopey Star Trek game with his friends than hanging out with me.
Penny: Wars.
Amy: What?
Penny: Star Wars. They get all cranky when you mix the two up.
Amy: What’s the difference?
Penny: There’s absolutely no difference.
Amy: How do I get him to treat me better?
Penny: All right. Let me give you a little girlfriend 101. Usually the first move out of the gate is you withhold sex, but that will work better after Sheldon hits puberty. So, I’d say give him the silent treatment.
Amy: No, he loves that.
Penny: Hmm.
Amy: Our record for sitting in a room together and not speaking to each other is six-and-a half hours. He said it was a magical evening.
Penny: All right, then we’re gonna have to go with an oldie but goodie, making a scene.
Amy: I don’t think I’d be good at that.
Penny: That’s why you’re lucky to have me. Back in Omaha, there are two different restaurants I’m not allowed into. Both Chili’s.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Bernadette, remember, your character’s the healer in our group. You’re in charge of healing all of us, not just Howard.
Bernadette: I can’t help it. My Howie Wowie has an owie.
Sheldon: That is the most sickeningly sweet thing I have ever experienced. And I am sipping Kool-Aid through a Red Vine.
Amy (bursting in): Sheldon Cooper, I’ve got a bone to pick with you, and I’m about to do it in front of all your friends.
Penny: Yeah, you pick that bone. You pick that bone clean!
Amy: I’m gonna publicly shame you, and then sit back as societal pressure compels you to modify your behaviour.
Penny: Ooh, burn!
Amy: And if you don’t start treating me better, I’m leaving you for a miniature horse breeder named Armin.
Sheldon: Armin who?
Amy: Armin… damn it.
Penny: Sheldon, she wanted to show you off to her family, and you stood her up, okay? Look at this adorable, smushy face. Smush, smush, smush, smush.
Amy: You’re hurting me.
Penny: No, Sheldon hurt you.
Amy: Before; now it’s you.
Penny: Oh.
Sheldon: I think I understand. You’re the one person who can say Sheldon Cooper is your boyfriend, but that rings hollow if you can’t lord him over others in the flesh. I forget what I bring to the party and what I take away when I leave. Please accept these valuable Cooper Coupons as restitution.
Penny: Sheldon, she doesn’t want your stupid…
Amy: Ooh, Science Center. Redeeming. Let’s go.
Sheldon: Well played, Amy Farrah Fowler. Let me get my coat. (Whip sound) Oh, grow up, Leonard.
Raj: But e-excuse me, I have something to say. None of you may realize it, but I was very much looking forward to this weekend. It was gonna be like the old days, the four of us hanging out playing video games before you guys all got girlfriends. Do you have any idea what it’s like to be the only one without a girlfriend? Even if I get one someday, I’ll still be the guy who got a girl after Sheldon Cooper!
Penny: And that’s how a girl makes a scene. I’m sorry, sweetie. You’re right. You deserve your weekend. Come on, Amy, let’s go.
Amy: What about the Science Center?
Penny: I’ll let you hold my hair while I throw up.
Amy: Rain check.
Bernadette: I’m gonna go, too.
Howard: I’ll miss you.
Bernadette: I’ll miss you.
Howard: I’ll miss you more.
Bernadette: No, I’ll…
Raj: Just leave! Okay, now. This is the way it’s supposed to be. Men together, fighting the forces of evil.
All: Hear! Hear!
Raj: I can’t believe this is only 64 calories.
Scene: Some time later. The guys are asleep.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard Joel Wolowitz! I’ve been worried sick for two days, and I know you turned off your phone! You open up this door right now because I’ve had it up to here! I have been to the morgue and the hospital, and I spent the last half hour walking up these ferkakta stairs!
Howard: That’s my ride, got to go. (Whip sound)
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Oh my God, I love this chicken.
Sheldon: Oh, you know what they say, the best things in life are free.
Penny: Okay, you’re right, I eat your food a lot. How about this, you can raid my fridge any time you want.
Sheldon: Oh, that’s very kind of you. Next time I have a hankering to wash down a D cell battery with a jar of old pickle juice, I’ll come a-knocking.
Howard: Hey, Raj, you didn’t send your RSVP in. I’m supposed to ask you if you’re bringing someone to the wedding.
Raj: I’ll let you know.
Howard: Well, can you make it soon. There’s a battle royale going on over the seating charts. In one corner, Bernadette’s mom, and the other three, mine.
Sheldon: Yeah, I hate wedding receptions. I wish the bride and groom would take a cue from Bilbo Baggins, slip on the ring, disappear and everyone goes home.
Leonard: Mmm, you liked Professor Guyster’s wedding.
Sheldon: They had a make your own sundae bar. Ooh, that was a night to remember. Do you know, on the one trip, I just had a bowl of nuts.
Howard: Anyway, you gotta let me know if you have a plus one, because if not my mom’s trying to sneak in the doctor who sucked the fat out of her neck.
Raj: Alright, uh, fine, I’m coming and I’m bringing somebody. Uh, Koothrappali plus one.
Leonard: Who you bringing?
Raj: Who are you bringing?
Penny: He’s bringing me. Who are you bringing?
Raj: Wow, what a bunch of Nosey O’Donnells.
Howard: Come on, who is it?
Raj: I’m not telling. I’m from Asia. I’m mysterious. Deal with it.
Sheldon: Howard, are you having a make your own sundae bar?
Howard: No, uh, I don’t think so.
Sheldon: Well you should. 50% of marriages end in divorce, but 100% of make your own sundae bars end in happiness.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj (on skype): Hello Mummy, Daddy, how are you?
Mrs Koothrappali: Pretty good, can’t complain.
Dr Koothrappali: Oh I’m sure you can. Just give it a minute.
Raj: Listen, uh, there’s something I want to talk to you about. I, I wasn’t ready until now, but I think it’s time.
Dr Koothrappali: It’s finally happening. You’re coming out of the closet, aren’t you?
Mrs Koothrappali: We love you, and we accept your alternate lifestyle. Just keep it to yourself.
Raj: No, I’m not gay. If anything, I’m metrosexual.
Dr Koothrappali: What’s that?
Raj: It means I like women as well as their skincare products.
Dr Koothrappali: Well, if you’re not coming out, why did you call us during the cricket semi-finals?
Raj: ‘Cause I, I’m tired of trying to meet someone and, I think I’d like you to help me find uh, a wife.
Mrs Koothrappali: And just to clarify, a female wife?
Raj: Yes.
Dr Koothrappali: Matchmaking, very smart move son. Much better than marrying for love.
Mrs Koothrappali: We married for love.
Dr Koothrappali: And it’s been wonderful.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Quantum physics makes me so happy.
Leonard: Yeah, I’m glad.
Sheldon: It’s like looking at the universe naked. (Shivers) 
Penny: Hi, you guys got a minute?
Leonard: Sure, what’s up?
Penny: Well, I was thinking about Sheldon’s little joke the other night about me eating all your food.
Sheldon: Oh, that was no joke. But I understand your confusion as I am our group’s resident cut-up.
Leonard: I’m sorry, you are our resident cut-up?
Sheldon: Yes.
Leonard: Prove it.
Sheldon: Knock, knock.
Leonard: Who’s there?
Sheldon: Interrupting physicist.
Leonard: Interrupting physi…
Sheldon: MUON!
Penny: Anyway, I got a little residual cheque from my commercial and I thought, hey, how about I get the guys a little thankyou to pay them back. So, Sheldon, ta-da!
Sheldon: Ah! A vintage, mint in box, 1975 Mego Star Trek transporter with real transporter action. Hot-darn!
Leonard: Where did you get that?
Penny: Uh, from Stuart at the comic-book store.
Leonard: You went to the comic-book store by yourself?
Penny: Yeah, it was fun, I walked in and two different guys got asthma attacks. Felt pretty good.
Sheldon: Well this calls for an expression of gratitude.
Penny: Ooh, am I about to get a rare Sheldon Cooper hug?
Sheldon: Not this time. Then they wouldn’t be special. Thanks Penny.
Penny: You’re welcome. Don’t worry, I didn’t forget about you. Leonard, I got you a label maker.
Leonard: Wow. No, it’s great. Also, uh, mint in box.
Penny: Mmm. And, I got you a transporter too!
Leonard: Awesome!
Sheldon: Look, it was actually designed for my vintage Mr Spock action figure.
Penny: Oh, that’s great. Let’s open it up and put him in there.
Leonard: Ah!
Sheldon: Oh dear Lord. No!
Penny: Why, they’re just toys?
Sheldon: They’re mint in box.
Leonard: They’re Collectables.
Penny: C’mon can’t we just open one up and take a…
Together: No!
Leonard: Once you open the box it loses its value.
Penny: Yeah, yeah, my mom gave me the same lecture about my virginity. Gotta tell you, it was a lot more fun taking it out and playing with it.
Scene: A restaurant.
Bernadette: Are you sure you want us here when you meet this woman?
Raj: Oh yes. In my culture it’s expected to have a chaparone to oversee a first date. Plus I want to make a good impression and, no offence, but with you guys here I look like six two.
Bernadette: The nuns always chaparoned the dances at my high school. They used to make us leave room between us for the holy spirit.
Howard: Hindus do the same thing. Except they leave room for a cow.
Raj: Listen, I love your charming racist humour, but any chance you could not knock my religion while she’s here.
Howard: Yesterday you made fun of me for eating lox.
Raj: It’s different. You’re people don’t worship lox.
Howard: Well clearly you’ve never been to brunch with my cousins.
Bernadette: So, arranged marriages. The parents just decide, and then you have to get married?
Raj: Oh, no, no, I get a say in it. But I’m sure whoever shows up will be better company than a threesome I’ve been having with Aunt Jemima and Mrs Butterworth.
Girl: Excuse me, are you Rajesh?
Raj: Oh, yes. You must be Lakshmi. Uh, nice to meet you.
Lakshmi: Nice to meet you too.
Raj: Oh, uh, these are my, my friends. This is Bernadette.
Bernadette: Hello.
Raj: And this is Howard.
Howard: Nice to meet you.
Lakshmi: You too.
Raj: Please have a seat. (To Bernadette) I’m thinking double wedding!
Scene: The apartment.
Voice of Spock: Dr Cooper. Dr Cooper?
Sheldon: Is someone there?
Spock: Down here, on your desk.
Sheldon: Spock?
Spock: I need to speak with you.
Sheldon: Fascinating. The only logical explanation is that this is a dream.
Spock: It is not the only logical explanation. For example, you could be hallucinating after being hit on the head by, say, a coconut.
Sheldon: Was I hit on the head by a coconut.
Spock: I’m not going to dignify that with a response. Now, to the matter at hand. You need to play with the transporter toy.
Sheldon: But it’s mint in box.
Spock: Yes, and to open it would destroy it’s value. But remember, like me, you also have a human half.
Sheldon: Well, I’m not going to dignify that with a response.
Spock: Consider this. What is the purpose of a toy?
Sheldon: To be played with.
Spock: Therefore? To not play with it would be?
Sheldon: Illogical. Oh, damn it Spock, you’re right. I’ll do it.
Spock: Sheldon, wait. You have to wake up first.
Sheldon: Oh, of course. Set phasers to dumb, right? (Wakes up in bed) Goody, goody, goody. This is wrong. This is wrong. I’m so excited, but this is wrong. I’m gonna do it. I’m doing it. I did it. Oh, that’s what I always thought 1975 smelled like. One to beam down Mr Scott. Aye, aye, Mr Spock. Energise. (Spins toy). Energise. (Tries to spin toy. It sticks. Tries to get Spock out and toy falls apart.) Don’t be broken. Please don’t be broken. (To Spock toy) What did you make me do? Okay, okay, think. (Sees Leonard’s toy) It’s only logical.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Lakshmi: My goodness, that was delicious.
Raj: Well, I hope you saved room for chocolate lava cake.
Lakshmi: Impressive. What goes into making something like that.
Raj: Well, you start off by trying to make chocolate souffle, and when it falls you panic, quickly change the name, and voila! Lava cake.
Lakshmi: I bet our parents are dying to know how things are going here.
Raj: Well, let’s see. Yup, three missed calls.
Lakshmi: Four missed calls, two text messages, and a failed video chat. I win. So, what are we going to tell them.
Raj: I’d like to tell them things are going well.
Lakshmi: Me too. But before we get their hopes up we should probably make sure we’re on the same page.
Raj: Okay, what page are you on?
Lakshmi: I’m on the one where I’m on a lot of pressure from my parents to get married and settle down, and have a family, and I’m going to do it so they don’t find out I’m gay.
Raj: Say again.
Lakshmi: I’m gay.
Raj: Like, dude on dude, but with women?
Lakshmi: I know a fake marriage isn’t an honest way to live, but you of all people must know how difficult it is to come out in our culture.
Raj: Why me, of all people?
Lakshmi: Well, there is a rumour back in New Delhi that you’re, how shall we say, comfortable in a sari.
Raj: I’m not gay.
Lakshmi: Really? The chocolate lava cake? The little soaps in the bathroom? And I’m sorry, but you’re wearing more perfume than I am.
Raj: That’s Unbreakable by Khloe and Lamar. And for your information, it’s unisex.
Lakshmi: Fill in the blank. I love the nightlife?
Raj: I like to boogie.
Lakshmi: Got you.
Raj: W-w-with women. I like to boogie with women.
Lakshmi: That’s disappointing. You were exactly the kind of phoney-baloney husband I was looking for.
Raj: Thankyou. And once again, my baloney likes girls. Wait-wait. You don’t want to put a bit of that in your mouth without trying my homemade chantilly cream. Yeah, okay, that time I heard it.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom. Sheldon writhes in bed, then wakes up on an alien planet. 
Sheldon: Oh dear. Two suns and no sunscreen.
Spock: Hello again, Sheldon.
Sheldon: What is it now, tiny Spock?
Spock: I am very disappointed in you. You broke your toy and switched it with Leonard’s. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Sheldon: You’re the one who told me to play with it.
Spock: If I told you to jump off the bridge of the Enterprise, would you do it?
Sheldon: No. If I got on the bridge of the Enterprise, I would never, ever leave.
Spock: Trust me, it gets old after a while. You must right your wrong, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Why? I got away with it. Leonard has his toy, and he’s never going to open it, so he won’t know it’s broken. And I have a toy that isn’t broken. Everybody’s happy.
Spock: Well I am unhappy.
Sheldon: I thought where you come from they don’t have emotions.
Spock: I come from a factory in Taiwan. Now do the right thing.
Sheldon: You know what you are? Well, you’re a green blooded buzzkill. Perhaps it’s time you beam on out of here.
Spock: Fine. I will just use the transporter. Oh, right. You broke it.
Sheldon: Very well. Cooper to Enterprise, one to beam up. Energise. (Throws Spock away. Get’s attacked by a Gorn. Wakes up.) Ah. Tiny Spock. Help.
Scene: Howard’s laboratory. Howard is soldering something.
Raj: Ready for lunch?
Howard: Yep, one sec. (Puts thing in mouth.) Ah, good. Ma would have killed me if she’d found out I’d broke my retainer.
Raj: Hey, uh, can I run something by you? It’s about Lakshmi.
Howard: Yeah. Sure. How are things going?
Raj: We hit a couple of bumps. She lives over on Manhattan Beach, so it takes over an hour to get there. And she’s a lesbian.
Howard: What do you mean, she’s a lesbian?
Raj: Well, you know whenever you and I would try to hit on women in bars, and they’d blow us off, and then we’d tell each other they were probably gay. It’s like that. Except this time it’s true.
Howard: Then why did she even go out with you?
Raj: She was looking for a husband so she can appear to be straight. And you know, it sounded crazy to me at first, but I’m actually thinking about doing it.
Howard: Okay, well, so the reason that might sound crazy, is ’cause it’s crazy.
Raj: Look, Howard, you’re in a relationship. You know you have to make compromises.
Howard: Well, yes. But my compromises are about which bedspread to buy, or whose turn it is to do the laundry, Bernadette’s or my mom’s.
Raj: It’s a great deal. We both get our parents off our backs. I don’t have to come home to an empty apartment every night, plus, once I’m married, I can finally eat carbs again and let myself go.
Howard: Why don’t you tell your parents you want to try and find someone else, you know, maybe one who hasn’t slept with more women than you.
Raj: Because this one wants to marry me. I might never find another one who does.
Howard: So you’re seriously thinking about marrying someone you’re never going to have sex with.
Raj: I can’t believe your attitude. I thought you were in favour of gay people getting married.
Howard: Yes, to other gay people.
Raj: Do you hear how homophobic you sound?
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is working on his laptop. Spock is looking at him judgementally. He switches the two toys.
Sheldon: Oh, I don’t want a broken toy. (Switches them back again. Penny and Leonard enter.) Nothing!
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Nothing. I said nothing.
Penny: That was weird.
Leonard: Really? I don’t even notice any more.
Penny: I cannot believe you guys aren’t going to play with these.
Leonard: Well I told you, you don’t, it’s mint in box.
Penny: I dunno. I just think it’s a waste. (Picks up box. Sheldon screams.) Relax. I’m just looking at the box.
Sheldon: Perhaps you should look with your eyes, and not your muscular Nebraska man-hands.
Penny: What is your problem?
Sheldon: My problem is that I don’t want you to break Leonard’s toy, which you probably did by shaking it. She shook it. We all saw her.
Penny: Leonard, I bought you this because I wanted you to have fun with it. I don’t want it to just sit in this box.
Leonard: You know, you’re right. I mean, it’s from you, I’m never going to sell it. I’m opening it.
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: Mmmmm!
Leonard: It’s broken.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: Oh, nice job, man-hands.
Penny: I didn’t break it. I, I guess Stuart sold it to me like this.
Sheldon: Yes. Yes, he did, that is a perfectly satisfying and plausible explanation. Yeah, let’s all be mad at Stuart.
Penny: You know, I paid a lot for this. Let’s take it over there and show him.
Leonard: Absolutely.
Sheldon: Wait. It was me. I opened your toy, discovered it was broken and didn’t tell you.
Leonard: Why would you open mine?
Sheldon: I didn’t. That was a lie. I opened my own toy. And it was already broken so I switched them.
Leonard: Well, you should talk to Stuart.
Sheldon: I can’t because that was a lie. Yours was broken in an earthquake. And that’s a lie.
Penny: What is the truth?
Sheldon: My Mr Spock doll came to me in a dream and forced me to open it. And when the toy broke I switched it for yours. Later he encouraged me to do the right thing and I defied him. And then I was attacked by a Gorn.
Leonard: Okay, that I believe.
Penny: Mmm.
Sheldon: Leonard, Penny, I just, I want you both to know that I regret my actions toward the two of you. That’s a lie.
Leonard: So, is that one mine.
Sheldon: Yes.
Leonard: Well, hand it over so I can open it.
Sheldon: Okay. Leonard, even though I don’t have one any more, I hope you have fun playing with it.
Leonard: And that’s a lie, right?
Sheldon: Big fat whopper. I hope it breaks.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj: This is a treat, what brings you guys by?
Bernadette: Raj, Howie told me what’s going on with you and Lakshmi.
Raj: What, you told her?
Howard: I told everybody.
Bernadette: We believe there’s someone out there who’ll love you for you.
Howard: Well, actually we kind of agreed to disagree on that one, but we both think you shouldn’t marry this woman.
Raj: So, while I’m waiting for this mysterious perfect match, who may or may not exist, I’m supposed to just be alone.
Bernadette: Not necessarily. I think we’ve found someone for you to cuddle with. (Pulls a puppy out of her bag.)
Raj: Oh, my goodness. Aren’t you the cutest little Yorkie ever? You got him for me?
Howard: Her. We thought you two would hit it off.
Raj: I think we already have. Thank you guys so much. Let’s see if you fit in my man purse.
Bernadette: Metrosexual my ass.
 								
			
				Scene: The cafeteria.
Howard: So, I got the craziest e-mail this morning.
Raj: I don’t mean to burst your bubble, dude, but those penile enlargement pills do not work.
Howard: Believe me, I know. The e-mail I got was from the office of Stephen Hawking.
Leonard: You’re kidding.
Raj: Why?
Howard: He’s coming to the university for a couple weeks to lecture, and he’s looking for an engineer to help maintain the equipment on his wheelchair.
Leonard: That’s amazing. You’ll be like his pit crew. A word of caution, I would not do your Stephen Hawking impression in front of him.
Howard (in Stephen Hawking voice): You’re right. I suppose that could be considered offensive.
Raj: Oh, boy, Sheldon’s going to freak out.
Leonard: Yeah, he worships Hawking.
Howard: I was actually thinking about bringing him along when I go over there so he can meet the great man.
Raj: That’s really nice of you, Howard.
Howard: Hm, it’s no big deal.
Leonard: Boy, a restraining order from Stephen Hawking. It’ll look so nice next to the ones he’s already got from Leonard Nimoy, Carl Sagan and Stan Lee.
Sheldon: Leonard, do you recall when I said that I was going to revolutionize humanity’s understanding of the Higgs boson particle, and you said, Sheldon, it’s two a.m., get out of my bedroom?
Leonard: Like it was ten hours ago. What about it?
Sheldon: Well, I believe I’ve done it. And I’m only saying believe to sound modest, because, sweet Sam Houston, I did it.
Leonard: Really?
Raj: That’s incredible. Oh, here, break out the math.
Sheldon: Oh, okay, let me see this. All right, so this particle here is the boson moving forward in time. Now, I was thinking… Howard, you go ahead and eat. This isn’t going to make any sense to you.
Howard: Sheldon, I have a working understanding of physics.
Sheldon: Yeah, good for you, and don’t stop working on it.
Raj: Are you still going to tell him about you-know-who?
Howard: Yep.
Leonard: Still going to introduce him?
Howard: Not on your life.
Credits sequence.
Scene: A corridor.
Sheldon: Please, please, please let me meet Hawking.
Howard: I told you, no.
Sheldon: But I said I’m sorry.
Howard: No, you said, would it help if I said I’m sorry?
Sheldon: And you never answered me. So who owes whom an apology now?
Howard: Sheldon, you’re a condescending jerk. Why on earth would I want to do something nice for you?
Sheldon: Um, to go to Jewish heaven?
Howard: Jews don’t have heaven.
Sheldon: Then to avoid Jewish hell?
Howard: Have you met my mother? I live in Jewish hell.
Sheldon: Howard, please. This is Stephen Hawking. Perhaps my only intellectual equal.
Howard: Oh, you can’t be serious.
Sheldon: Try to put yourself in my place. Imagine you’re the sole human being living on a planet populated with nothing but dogs. And then it turns out there’s another human being.
Howard: Hang on. Are you saying the rest of us are dogs?
Sheldon: Yeah, okay, I can see you’re going to take this the wrong way. Let me try again. Imagine you’re the sole human being living on a planet populated with nothing but chimps.
Howard: Get out of my lab.
Sheldon: Oh, now they’re so much smarter than dogs. Have you seen them on those little bicycles?
Howard: Get out.
Sheldon: How about dolphins?
Howard: Out!
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: So, come on, how was the first day with Hawking?
Howard: It was great. We talked about movies.
Sheldon: Oh!
Howard: I showed him some card tricks.
Sheldon: Oh!
Howard: He even let me read a couple pages from his new book.
Sheldon: Oh!
Howard: Something got you down there, bunky?
Sheldon: Howard, please, I’m begging you.
Leonard: Raj, you’re our group historian. Has Sheldon ever begged before?
Raj: Three times. He begged the Fox network not to cancel Firefly. He begged the TNT network to cancel Babylon 5. And when he got food poisoning at the Rose Bowl Parade, he begged a deity he doesn’t believe in to end his life quickly.
Sheldon: Do you understand how important Hawking is to me? When I was six years old, I dressed up as him for Halloween.
Howard: You’re kidding.
Sheldon: No, sir, no, I took my dad’s desk chair, attached a Speak & Spell to it and made my sister push me up and down the block to trick or treat. Granted most people thought I was R2-D2, but still, I got a lot of candy.
Howard: You don’t seem to be understanding the English word no. Maybe a different language will help. Russian, nyet. Chinese, bu. Japanese, iie. Klingon, qo. Binary coded Ascii, 0110111001101111.
Sheldon: It’s actually 01100111.
Howard: No!
Sheldon: I’m not asking for me, I’m asking for Hawking.
Howard: Let me try gansta, hells no.
Sheldon: Okay, look, how about this? Just give him my paper on the Higgs boson. If he sees the incredible breakthrough I’ve made, he’ll reach out to me.
Leonard: What if he doesn’t?
Sheldon: He will, he’s really smart.
Howard: That’s an interesting idea. Why don’t you give me a minute to talk it over with my friends?
Sheldon: How do I do that?
Howard: You walk away.
Sheldon: Walking away.
Leonard: You do realize you own his ass right now.
Howard: I do.
Raj: You can make him do anything you want.
Howard: Yeah, I know, I’m just trying to figure out how much I want to punish him.
Raj: Well, don’t be too mean.
Sheldon: Hey, fellas, I’m thinking about making some freshly brewed iced tea if anyone would like some.
Raj: I wouldn’t mind a glass.
Sheldon: I wasn’t talking to you.
Raj: Bring him to his bony knees.
Howard: Sheldon, come on back.
Sheldon: Yes, yes. What did you decide?
Howard: I’ll give your paper to Professor Hawking.
Sheldon: Great, thank you. Oh, that’s terrific.
Howard: But in exchange, I’d like you to do a few things for me.
Sheldon: What kinds of things?
Howard: Are you familiar with the 12 labours of Hercules?
Sheldon: Of course.
Howard: You should be so lucky.
Scene: Howard’s bedroom.
Sheldon: All right. What would you like me to do first?
Howard: Well, I thought I’d start you off by polishing my belt buckles.
Sheldon: Oh. By all means. When I was a boy, I would polish my Mee-Maw’s silver. And she would entertain me with stories about growing up in Oklahoma. Interesting woman. You know, she once killed a prairie dog with a gravy boat.
Howard: That’s nice.
Sheldon: That’s a lot of belt buckles.
Howard: Funny thing is, I only have one belt. Anyway, I’ll let you get started. Oh, by the way, the little marks, uh, that look like water spots, I tend to stand too close to the urinal, so what you’re seeing there is splash back.
Sheldon: You make sissy on your belt buckles? Mee-Maw’s forks never had that.
Howard: Here is a black light to check them. And for your own peace of mind, you might not want to shine that around the rest of the room.
(Later)
Howard: Sheldon, these look great. They’re like magnificent little crowns to hang over my magnificent little jewels. How’d you get them so shiny?
Sheldon: Oh, I-I buffed them with Turtle Wax. The man down at Pep Boys says from now on, the urine should just bead up and roll right off.
Howard: Way to go the extra mile. Your Mee-Maw would be proud.
Sheldon: My Mee-Maw must never know of this. Now will you give Professor Hawking my paper?
Howard: Oh, my dear boy, no. Okay. Next, this is a sexy French maid costume I bought for Bernadette. I thought it might spice things up and get her to dust my room at the same time, but I was wrong and really wrong.
Sheldon: And you want me to return it for you?
Howard: No, no, no, mon petit cherie.
Scene: The cafeteria. Sheldon enters in the French maid costume.
Sheldon: What are you all staring at? Didn’t you ever see a man try to get a meeting with Stephen Hawking before?
Scene: The laundry room.
Penny: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello.
Penny: It’s not Saturday night. Why are you doing your laundry?
Sheldon: This is not my laundry.
Penny: Wow, are these Amy’s? Kind of trashy, good for her.
Sheldon: Those are Howard’s.
Penny: Ugh. Why are you washing Howard’s man panties?
Sheldon: Because if I don’t, he won’t give my paper to Stephen Hawking. He’s a famous physicist.
Penny: Yeah, yeah, I know, he’s the wheelchair dude who invented time.
Sheldon: That’s close enough.
Penny: I don’t understand, why doesn’t Howard just introduce you to the guy?
Sheldon: Because he’s punishing me for being a, quote, condescending jerk. You don’t think I’m condescending, do you?
Penny: Well…
Sheldon: Oh, I’m sorry, condescending means…
Penny: I know what it means. And yes, you love correcting people and putting them down.
Sheldon: Au contraire. When I correct people I am raising them up. You should know, I do it for you more than anyone.
Penny: Come on, you do it to feel superior. I see that twinkle in your eye when someone says who instead of whom or thinks the moon is a planet.
Sheldon: Or Don Quixote is a book about a donkey named Hotay.
Penny: See, there it is, there’s that twinkle.
Sheldon: Well, I can’t help it. That’s an involuntary twinkle.
Penny: What do you want me to tell you, Sheldon?
Sheldon: I want you to tell me that Howard is being mean to me for no reason.
Penny: Fine, Howard is being mean to you for no reason.
Sheldon: I knew it.
Scene: Howard’s bedroom.
Howard: What’s the matter?
Bernadette: Every time I spend the night, your mom slaps me on the behind and says, go get ‘im.
Howard: It’s not her fault. She’s getting hormone replacement therapy. Makes her crazy horny. Check this out, I got Sheldon to wear the French maid’s costume.
Bernadette: Oh, my God, that’s terrible.
Howard: Hey, I gave you first crack at it.
Bernadette: Why are you doing that? You’re being mean to him.
Howard: He’s mean to me all the time. You’ve heard him tease me about not having a doctorate.
Bernadette: If you don’t want to get teased about that, get a doctorate. I have one, they’re great.
Howard: Oh, come on, the man torments me. I’m just letting him have a little taste of his own medicine.
Bernadette: It’s not the same thing. Sheldon doesn’t know when he’s being mean because the part of his brain that should know is getting a wedgie from the rest of his brain.
Howard: Fine, I’ll just make him do a couple more things, then I’ll stop.
Bernadette: No, you have to stop now.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Bernadette, I want to remind you, you promised to take me dress shopping tomorrow!
Bernadette: Oh, damn. I’m sorry, I can’t make it, but Sheldon’s going to go with you! And that’s the last thing you do to him.
Scene: A shop changing rooms.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Sheldon! I need your help!
Sheldon: What is it now, Mrs. Wolowitz?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): It’s this dress. When I put my front in, my back pops out. When I put my back in, my front pops out. It’s like trying to keep two dogs in a bathtub!
Sheldon: What do you want me to do?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): We’re gonna have to work as a team. Get in here, grab a handful, and start stuffing.
Sheldon (off): I’m not sure how to do this.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): It’s easy, just pretend you’re putting away a sleeping bag.
Sheldon (off): Sleeping bags don’t usually sweat this much, but okay.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Now zip me up.
Sheldon (off): Oh, if we squeeze you any tighter, you may turn into a diamond.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): You’re right, who am I kidding? You should have seen me when I was young, Sheldon. The fellas used to line up and bring me boxes of candy. Why did I eat it all? Would you hold me?
Sheldon: Oh, no, you know, I’m not really the holding kind of… Oh!
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: Oh, guys, I just remembered. I got you some Hawking souvenirs.
Leonard: What are these?
Howard: Gears and springs from his wheelchair. Pretty cool, huh?
Raj: Wow, that’s amazing.
Howard: Yeah, I made an adjustment on the motor drive and when I was putting it back together I could not for the life of me figure out where they went.
Sheldon: I did it. Had to go to three clothing stores, but we finally found a dress that could envelop your mother.
Howard: I should have sent you to the custom car cover place in Altadena. They have her pattern on file.
Sheldon: Humorous. Now will you please present my paper to Professor Hawking?
Howard: I don’t know.
Sheldon: Oh, for heaven’s sake. I did your laundry, I pee-pee-proofed your belt buckles, I, I even sprained my wrist helping your mother lift her bosom.
Howard: All right, Sheldon, there’s only one thing left I want you to do. Don’t worry, it’s an easy one.
Sheldon: Okay.
Howard: Give me a compliment.
Sheldon: Fine. You have very tiny hands.
Howard: No, about my job. I want you to tell me I’m good at what I do.
Sheldon: You’re obviously good at what you do.
Howard: Well, then why are you always ripping on me?
Sheldon: Oh, I understand the confusion. I have never said that you are not good at what you do. It’s just that what you do is not worth doing.
Leonard: It’s nicer than anything he’s ever said to me. I’d take it and run.
Howard: Thank you, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Now will you give my paper to Hawking?
Howard: Sorry, I can’t.
Sheldon: What, why not?
Howard: I gave it to him three days ago. He was really impressed. He wants to meet you.
Sheldon: All right, then. Thank you, Howard. Please let Professor Hawking know that I’m available at his earliest convenience.
Raj: I thought he might be a little more excited.
Leonard: Give it a second. (Sound of Sheldon shrieking in joy in his bedroom)
Scene: Stephen Hawking’s office.
Sheldon: Professor Hawking, it’s an honour and a privilege to meet you, sir.
Hawking: I know.
Sheldon: I want to thank you for taking time to see me.
Hawking: My pleasure. I enjoyed reading your paper very much. You clearly have a brilliant mind.
Sheldon: I know.
Hawking: Your thesis that the Higgs boson is a black hole accelerating backwards through time is fascinating.
Sheldon: Thank you. It just, it came to me one morning in the shower.
Hawking: That’s nice. Too bad it’s wrong.
Sheldon: What do you mean wrong?
Hawking: You made an arithmetic mistake on page two. It was quite the boner.
Sheldon: No, no, th-th-th-that can’t be right. I-I don’t make arithmetic mistakes.
Hawking: Are you saying I do?
Sheldon: Oh, no, no, no, of course not. It’s just, I was thinking… Oh, gosh, golly, I made a boo-boo, and I gave it to Stephen Hawking.
Hawking: Great, another fainter.
 								
			
				Scene: The cafeteria. Sheldon laughs to himself.
Sheldon: I wish you could all be inside my head. The conversation is sparkling. (Pause) Fine, I’ll tell you. A lichen is an organism made up of two separate species, fungi and algae. If you could merge with another species, what species would you pick and why? Hint, there is a right answer. None of you will get it.
Raj: Okay, uh, I’d pick swan because, uh, the resulting hybrid would have the advanced industrial civilization of a human and the long graceful neck I’ve always dreamed of having.
Sheldon: Wrong. Leonard?
Leonard: Horse, but mostly just for the height. A little bit for the genital girth.
Sheldon: Wrong, and let’s keep it clean, shall we?
Howard: Kangaroo, uh, I’d be a Kanga-Jew. The first of my people to dunk a basketball.
Leonard: Also instead of just living in your mother’s house, you could actually live inside her body.
Sheldon: Clever, but also wrong. No, the best organism for human beings to merge with is the lichen itself. That way, you’d be human, fungus, and algae. Triple threat. Like three-bean salad.
Leonard: Give me one circumstance in which that would be useful.
Sheldon: All right, picture this, a beautiful outdoor concert. Now, as a human, I appreciate Beethoven. As a fungus, I have a terrific view, growing out of a towering maple tree. And no thank you, expensive concessions. Because as an algae, I’ll just snack on this sunlight.
Raj: He got us again.
Leonard: No, he didn’t.
Raj: Anyway, if it’s okay with you, we should talk about Howard’s bachelor party.
Sheldon: Well, seems like a bit of a let down after our lichen conversation, but, what do you know, you’re half swan.
Raj: I’ve been doing some research on strippers. One agency I spoke to, said I could get us a great price if we’re flexible on age range and number of limbs.
Howard: Sounds like loads of fun, but I promised Bernadette no strippers.
Raj: You don’t want strippers? You’re the king of strippers. The one club in North Hollywood named a pole after you.
Howard: What can I tell ya, I’m not into that stuff any more.
Leonard: Good for you, Howard. I’m proud of you. And still, you’re the first one of us to get married. We have to do something special.
Sheldon: You know Germans have an interesting pre-wedding custom.
Howard: Well, it’s probably not for me.
Raj: Maybe we can go up to Napa Valley. They’ve got that wine train.
Sheldon: Boo, wine! But yay, trains. I’m in.
Raj: Anyway, it’s a beautiful time of year. Uh, you travel through the vineyards. There’s a tasting on board. And all the wild flowers are in bloom. It’s magic.
Leonard: Look at that, in 30 seconds, we went from hiring women to being them.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The stairwell.
Penny: So, I hear you and the lost boys are having a bachelor party tonight.
Leonard: Yeah, just going to a restaurant, get some steaks and scotch. Nothing to worry about.
Penny: Why should I worry?
Leonard: Well, I don’t know. It’s a bachelor party. There could be strippers. Wouldn’t that make you a little jealous?
Penny: Oh, come on Leonard, it’s you. What’s going to happen? I mean, even if there was a stripper, all you’d do is avoid eye-contact and maybe offer to help her kid with his homework.
Leonard: Hey, I am a young man in his sexual prime. Under the right conditions, I-I-I am capable of just, really crazy stuff.
Penny: Really? What is the craziest thing you’ve ever done with a woman? And the time you and I had sex in the ocean does not count.
Leonard: Oh, come on, that’s got to count. There was a really strong undertow, we could have died.
Penny: Well, have fun tonight.
Leonard: Oh, I will. There is no telling what might happen.
Penny: Yeah, there is.
Leonard: You know, there’s nothing wrong helping some woman’s kid get through their S.A.T.’s.
Scene: A restaurant.
Leonard: Hey, I got to hand it to Raj, he found a really nice spot to have a bachelor party.
Sheldon: It’s not bad. Unless you compare it to a train; then it stinks.
Leonard: Are you drinking whisky?
Sheldon: Indeed. If I’m to participate in the social convention that is the stag night, then I must embrace all its components, including tobacco, swear words, and yes, alcohol. Jeepers! That’s yucky.
Leonard: Whoa, it’s a little early to start dropping J-bombs, don’t you think?
Wil Wheaton: Hey, you guys.
Leonard: Oh, hey, Wil. Nice of you to make it out tonight for Howard.
Wil: Well, it was either this or another hot tub party at George Takei’s house.
Sheldon: I’m confused. I thought since our reconciliation, I was your friend in this group.
Wil: Oh, I’m friends with Howard too.
Sheldon: Oh. I guess you’re just friends with anybody. (Drinks) Aagh!
Stuart: Hey, uh, Leonard, things are a little tight at the comic book store. I might need some help covering my share of the check.
Leonard: Oh, yeah, no worries.
Stuart: And maybe a few bucks for the valet.
Leonard: Oh, all right.
Stuart: And gas money to get home.
Leonard: Yeah, sure.
Stuart: Great. You know what? This is my grandfather’s watch.
Leonard: Oh.
Stuart: 18-carat gold, got it in Europe during the war.
Leonard: Wow, that’s very nice.
Stuart: Mm-hmm. A hundred bucks and it’s yours.
Raj: Hey, everybody! The bachelor boy has arrived! For he’s a jolly good fellow…
All (joining in): For he’s a jolly good fellow, for he’s a jolly good fellow, which nobody can deny.
Kripke: Yes, yes, yes. He’s a jowwy good fewwow. What time do the stwippers awwive?
Howard: Actually, Barry, we’re not going to have strippers tonight.
Kripke: Ah, then what the fwig did I get two hundwed dowwaws in singles out for?
Stuart: You want to buy a watch?
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Amy (into a mini-cam): This is Maid of Honour Amy Farrah Fowler, bringing you the wedding activities just weeks out from the big day. Let’s check in with a beautiful, radiant young woman, and her friend who’s about to get married. Ladies, can you tell us what you’re doing?
Bernadette: Um, these are gift bags we’re going to put in the hotel rooms of our out-of-town guests. This is a map of Pasadena. This is a list of local restaurants. And then, for Howie’s relatives, we have antihistamines, antacids, and medicine for diarrhoea and constipation.
Penny: Yeah, we labeled them stop and go.
Amy: All right, pivoting to the big question. Bernadette, on your wedding night you’ll be consummating your marriage. What do you think your first sexual position will be as husband and wife?
Bernadette: Amy, please.
Amy: Keeping in mind that whoever’s on top may set the tone for the marriage.
Penny: Okay, show’s over.
Amy: Hey, they may conceive a child on their wedding night. Don’t you think the kid might get a kick out of knowing how it happened?
Penny: I don’t care. Ask her things like are you going to take Howard’s name? Not who’s going to sit on who?
Bernadette: I’ve actually been thinking I’m going to hyphenate: Bernadette Mary-Ann Rostenkowski-Wolowitz.
Penny: Nice. You know, you should totally get BernadetteMaryAnnRostenkowskiWolowitz.com before someone snaps it up.
Bernadette: Howard already took care of it. Plus, he set up our beautiful wedding website with cute little facts about our family histories. Do you know, for a while in Poland, my family and his family were neighbours.
Penny: Oh, that’s cool.
Amy: No, it’s not. I’ll explain it to you later.
Scene: The restaurant.
Raj: May I have your attention, please? We are hear tonight to celebrate the upcoming nuptials of my best friend Howard Wolowitz.
All: Hear! Hear!
Sheldon: And, apparently, Wil Wheaton’s best friend.
Wil: Sheldon…
Sheldon: Talk to the hand.
Raj: Does anyone have any words they’d like to say about our man of the evening?
Sheldon: Yeah, I do. (All groan). As is the tradition, I have prepared a series of disrespectful jokes which generate humour at Howard’s expense. Prepare to have your ribs tickled. Howard, I always thought you’d be the last one of us to ever get married, because you are so short and unappealing. Am I right? Let’s see here. Oh, seriously though, Howard, you’re actually one of the most intelligent people I know. And that’s a zinger, because you’re not. I’ve always thought that you’d make someone a fine husband someday. Assuming you’d be able to get the parts, and develop the engineering skills to assemble them, which I don’t see as likely. Hacha! Okay, let me see here. Okay, kidding aside, Howard, you are a good friend. And I wish you nothing but happiness. Bazinga, I don’t!
Leonard: Sheldon…
Sheldon: Doubleazinga! I do! Good luck following that.
Leonard: So, Howard Wolowitz tying the knot. Leaving his crazy bachelor days behind. He was a wild one. Well, I guess we all kind of were. I remember this one time, I was with this girl at the beach. We were in the ocean and we started making out. I know, it was crazy. I wasn’t even wearing my Aquasocks. Then…
Kripke: Nobody cares, Hofstadter. Wwap it up.
Leonard: Right. To Howard.
All: To Howard.
Leonard: I totally had sex in the ocean.
Stuart: Okay, I’ll go. Howard, when I think about you and Bernadette starting this wonderful life together, I can’t help but get a little choked up. I mean, look at you. You have everything. Look at me. I’m 37. I sleep in the back of a comic book store, and I have the bone density of an 80-year-old man. To Howard.
Raj: Yeah, to Howard. Um, uh, who’s next?
Kripke: I’ll go. Howard, I’m gonna say something to you that evewybody’s thinking but no one has the couwage to say out woud. When you invite a man to a bachewor pawty, the impwication is, there will be stwippews. Maybe not compwetewy nude, but at weast pasties and G-stwings. That’s not unweasonable.
Raj: Hear, hear.
All: Hear, hear.
Raj: Okay, uh, anybody else? Huh? No? Okay, it all comes down to me, the best man. Ooh! This grasshopper is kicking my ass-hopper. Okay, when I first came to this country, I-I didn’t know how to behave or how to dress, or what was cool, I was pretty lonely. But then I met Howard, and suddenly, my life changed, because we could be lonely together. This man became my whole world.
Kripke: Yeah, nice speech, Fwancine. (Tucks a dollar in Raj’s pants.) 
Raj: I’m not done, but thank you. (Raj puts the dollar on the table. Stuart steals it.) I think back to all the good times we had, like, uh, when we went camping and spent that night telling each other all our secrets. I told him I’m addicted to pedicures and he told me he lost his virginity to his cousin.
Howard: She was my second cousin.
Sheldon: And the first woman you ever disappointed sexually. Ba-da-bazinga!
Raj: Oh, oh, yeah, and then there was the time when Leonard and I took Howard to Las Vegas and paid a hooker to pretend she was Jewish and that she wanted his little kosher pickle. Of all the Howard humping hookers stories, that one’s my favourite!
Howard: Okay, buddy, that’s it. Sit down.
Raj: Oh, oh, what about that tubby girl in the Sailor Moon costume at Comic-con?
Howard: Don’t remember. Please sit down.
Raj: The only threesome I’ve ever had in my life, and I’m proud to say it was with this man right here.
Howard: Oh, please shut up.
Raj: Oh, oh, don’t get me wrong, nothing happened with me and Howard. There was about 200 pounds of Sailor Moon between us.
Wil (filming on his phone): Oh, Internet, this is so going all over you.
Sheldon: Jeepers, I’m drunk.
Scene: Bernadette’s car.
Howard: Thank you for picking us up. There’s a warning, right there, on the scotch bottle. You cannot be operatin’ heavy machinery after you had a snootful of this, laddie!
Bernadette: Funny. You boys have a nice time?
Howard: Yeah, it was great. And low-key, like I promised. No hanky-panky, no strippers. Just the guys telling jokes.
Bernadette: That’s nice.
Howard: How about you? Did you have a fun night? Yeah, we, uh, made gift bags, had wine, and then went online and saw this.
Raj’s Voice: Of all the Howard humping hookers stories, that one’s my favourite.
Raj: You know, we’re not that far from my apartment. If you stop the car, I can walk from here.
Bernadette: You ain’t goin’ anywhere, Threeway.
Howard: Bernadette, listen…
Bernadette: You lied to me. You said you told me about all the girls you’ve been with, but you never mentioned your cousin, the prostitute or Raj!
Raj: Seriously, you don’t even have to stop the car. Anything under ten miles an hour and I can combat-roll into the street.
Howard: Okay, just to set the record straight, I didn’t hire the prostitute, she was a gift from him. Shame on you, Raj. That is not how we treat women in this country.
Bernadette: Don’t you try and blame this on him.
Raj: Thank you, Bernadette.
Bernadette: Zip it, pervert!
Scene: Bernadette’s apartment.
Bernadette: I don’t know what I’m going to do. I’m supposed to marry Howard in a couple of weeks and I’m not sure I even know who the man is any more.
Amy: I’m curious what’s bothering you most, the borderline incest, the prostitute or group sex with the girl dressed as the children’s cartoon?
Penny: Amy, remember when we went over things that would be helpful and things that wouldn’t?
Amy: Right. And that was…
Penny: Not.
Bernadette: When I first met Howard, he seemed so innocent to me, just a sweet little guy who lives with his mother.
Penny: Well, if that’s what you like, I’ll take you to the comic book store, the place is full of ’em.
Bernadette: Wait a minute. You set me up with Howard. Did you know about all the creepy stuff he was into?
Penny: Well, a little. You hear stuff.
Bernadette: Why didn’t you tell me
Penny: Well, I was gonna, but I didn’t think it would go past the first date. Then, when it did, I thought for sure it wouldn’t go past you meeting his mother. Definitely not past the two of you sleeping together. I mean, the warning signs were there, this is really on you.
Bernadette: My God! I thought you were my friend. (Runs to bedroom)
Amy: I don’t think that was helpful.
Scene: The apartment. Howard is on the phone.
Howard: Hi, Bernie, it’s me again. Please call me back.
Raj: Dude, I am so sorry.
Howard: It’s not your fault, it’s mine. I did all that stuff, not you.
Leonard: Actually, you did do one of them together.
Sheldon: Here.
Howard: What is this?
Sheldon: You’re upset. The convention is to bring an upset person a hot beverage.
Howard: No, but what is it?
Sheldon: Chicken broth. It seemed culturally appropriate. Also, there was a single cube of chicken bouillon in the cupboard when I moved in and it’s been bothering me for the last eight years. So, as they say, two birds.
Howard: I don’t know what my next move is.
Leonard: Well, Howard, I don’t know much about women.
Howard: Yeah?
Leonard: No, uh, that, that’s it. I don’t know much about women. Raj, you got anything?
Raj: I’ve got the phone number of the tubby girl from Comic-Con.
Howard: I’m not calling the girl from Comic-con.
Raj: All right. More Sailor Moon for me.
Sheldon: I just threw up the bachelor party.
Scene: Bernadette’s apartment.
Penny: Please come out, Bernadette. Let’s talk through this.
Bernadette: No, leave me alone.
Amy: Perhaps you should give him a taste of his own medicine. Do you have a cousin who you find attractive?
Penny: Amy.
Amy: Hey, you introduced him to the sleazebag. I’m just trying to clean up your mess.
Howard (at the door): Oh, hi.
Penny: Hey.
Howard: I need to talk to Bernadette.
Penny: Well, I don’t think she wants to talk to anyone right now.
Howard: All right, well, could you at least give her a message?
Penny: Yeah, sure, I guess.
Howard: Tell her I’m really sorry, and if she doesn’t want to marry me, I get it. But what I really want her to know is the guy that she’s disgusted by, is the guy that I’m disgusted by, too. But that guy doesn’t exist any more, he’s gone, and the reason is because of her. So, if this relationship is over, let her know that she made me a better man, and tell her thank you.
Penny: Oh, my God, Howard. That’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever heard. And it came out of you.
Bernadette: Howie?
Howard: Penny has a message for you.
Bernadette: I heard. Your voice, not unlike your mother’s, travels through walls.
Howard: Do you want me to go?
Bernadette: No. Come here. I’m still really mad at you.
Howard: I get that.
Bernadette: Is there anything else about your past I should know?
Howard: Couple things, but, you know, most of them happened overseas. I’ll tell you later.
Bernadette: Okay.
Howard: So, is the wedding still on?
Bernadette: Yeah, the wedding’s still on. (They hug)
Amy: Oh, thank God. I’m still a maid of honour. (Joins in the hug)
Penny: Oh, what the hell. (Joins in too)
Amy: This is kind of hot.
Scene: The laundry room. Leonard enters in his dressing gown.
Leonard: Hello.
Penny: What’s with the robe?
Leonard (taking it off): I’m gonna have sex with you right here, right now, on that washing machine.
Penny: No, you’re not.
Leonard: Come on, please.
Penny: If you want to do something, you can help me fold this sheet.
Leonard: Folding a sheet in my underwear, still pretty crazy.
 								
			
				Scene: Howard’s laboratory. The phone rings. Howard puts it on speaker.
Howard: Howard Wolowitz.
Voice: Hey, Howard. Dave Roeger here at NASA. We need to talk about your upcoming mission.
Howard: Yes, yes, I’ve been doing my push-ups. I’m still stuck at nine, but that’s going all the way down with no one holding me.
Roeger: That’s great, uh, but that’s not why I called. We’ve run into a bit of a snafu. Your Soyuz capsule failed the pressurization test, so bottom line, mission’s been scrubbed.
Howard (Picks up receiver): You’re kidding. So what does that mean? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Boy, I got to tell you, I’m really disappointed. This was my dream ever since I was a little kid. Okay, well, uh, thanks for the call. Yep, you, too. (Puts down phone.) Yes! Thank you! Oh! Oh! I’m not gonna die in space! I’m gonna die the way God intended, in my late 50s, with a heart full of pastrami.
Credits sequence.
Scene: A suit shop.
Sheldon (off): I’m going to need a larger shirt. This one’s a little tight under the arms.
Assistant: Okay.
Leonard: Do you think maybe it’s tight because you’re wearing long underwear?
Sheldon: Yes, of course that’s why it’s tight.
Leonard: All right, let me rephrase the question. Why are you wearing long underwear?
Sheldon: You’re kidding. Shouldn’t the question be why aren’t you?
Leonard: No, it should be: why are you?
Sheldon: Leonard, these rental tuxedos have been worn by hundreds of sweaty strangers. I don’t like my own sweat touching my skin, how do you think I feel about theirs?
Assistant: Why don’t you slip this on?
Sheldon: Said the hangman offering a noose.
Raj: Well, that wasn’t as entertaining as when he rents bowling shoes, but it was right up there.
Howard: Well, that’s it. My orders have been rescinded. I am officially no go to space.
Leonard: I’m sorry, Howard, but I got to tell you, I’m a little relieved you’re not going.
Howard: Why?
Leonard: Come on, you were gonna go up in a rocket designed in the 1960s by the Russians.
Howard: Yeah, so?
Leonard: When was the last time you were at Best Buy and you heard someone say, ooh, check out this Blu-ray player, it must be good, it was built in Russia”?
Howard: Well, their technology isn’t that bad.
Raj: When you come back to Earth in a Soyuz capsule, you free-fall from space at 500 miles per hour, and the only thing that slows you down is a little parachute that pops out right before you crash into the ground. And the whole thing was designed by the same brilliant minds who were unable to capture Rocky and Bullwinkle.
Howard: All right, well, whatever. I wasn’t worried.
Raj: You weren’t?
Howard: Let me explain the difference between you and me. You watch Star Trek. I live it.
Raj: Oh, please. I don’t remember the episode of Star Trek where the guy never goes to space and brags about it in a tuxedo store.
Howard: Make all the jokes you want, but there’s only one of us here brave enough to almost do what I almost did.
Sheldon: Ah, much better.
Leonard: You must be burning up.
Sheldon: A little. But not more than your urethras will be after whatever’s in those pants swims up them. Well, I cut quite the dashing, yet hygienic figure, don’t I? I look like the Flash about to get married. Oh! A tissue! A tissue! Oh, good Lord!
Assistant: Uh, where’s he going?
Leonard: He keeps emergency Purell in the car.
Sheldon: Keys! Keys! Keys!
Scene: Penny’s door.
Penny: Hey, you.
Leonard: Before I come in, you should know, I have gas. (Holds up gas canister) 
Penny: For the record, not your worst opening line.
Leonard: Check it out. It’s the gas I use in my free-electron laser to support high voltages. But it also has an interesting secondary use. Here. Breathe this in.
Penny: B-Before I do it, if you’re a cop you have tell me, right?
Leonard: Just try it.
Penny: Okay. (In weirdly low voice) What’s it supposed to… Oh, my God, this is so freaky!
Leonard (in low voice): You’re a mean one Mr. Grinch.
Penny: Okay. Me, me, me. Ready? (Low voice) Leonard, I am your father.
Leonard: I have never been more attracted to a woman who sounds like a man in my life.
Penny: Oh, Mm. Hey, you know how we’ve been taking things slow?
Leonard: Mm-hmm.
Penny: Well, I’ve been thinking, and maybe I’m ready to take things a little faster.
Leonard: Oh, great.
Penny: Mm-hmm.
Leonard: And I promise, after waiting four months, fast is what you’re gonna get.
Penny: You know, just-just one thing. Look, we’re in a really great place right now, and I don’t want to do anything that will make stuff all weird again.
Leonard: So we won’t let it get weird.
Penny: Okay. Oh, and just a heads-up, mm, since the last time you saw me naked, I got a Cookie Monster tattoo. The acceptable responses when you see it are awesome or nothing.
Leonard: What about (inhales gas, in low voice) Cookies!
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy?
Amy: Seven o’clock, right on time.
Sheldon: It’s not an accident. I waited outside your door for twenty minutes.
Amy: Well, dinner’s almost ready.
Sheldon: I must say, I was surprised you chose to spend our date night in your apartment. As I mentioned, the Pasadena City Council is debating longer crosswalk times, and later, the LEGO store is having a midnight madness sale. You ask anyone, that’s a hot date.
Amy: Tempting choices, but I have something special planned for tonight.
Sheldon: What can be more special than having an adequate amount of time to cross the street on your way to buy a tiny LEGO Indiana Jones?
Amy: With our friends moving forward in their relationships, I’ve decided that we should make progress in ours as well.
Sheldon: Oh, dear Lord. Two years ago, we didn’t even know each other, and now I’m in your apartment after dark. How much faster can this thing go?
Amy: I had a feeling you’d be reluctant, which is why I’m going to dip into my neurobiological bag of tricks.
Sheldon: Oh, you brain monkeys kill me. Dip away.
Amy: I have devised an experiment that I believe will increase your feelings for me in an accelerated time frame.
Sheldon: And how do you propose to do that? Uh, hope you’re not thinking about some sort of LSD thought control. Because there’s only one mind-expanding drug that this man enjoys, and that’s called school.
Amy: Human beings form emotional attachments as they grow up. In your case, to your mother, superheroes, et cetera. I’m going to attempt an experiment that will get you to transfer those feelings to me.
Sheldon: Well, seems what’s on the menu tonight is malarkey with a big side of poppycock.
Amy: We’ll see. Let’s start with a little romantic dinner music, shall we?
Sheldon: Super Mario Bros. theme?
Amy: Yes.
Sheldon: I see what you’re doing. You’re attempting to build on the work of Ebbinghaus by triggering an involuntary memory of me playing that game, admittedly the happiest 600 hours of my childhood, but it won’t work.
Amy: Fine. There’s no reason we still can’t have a lovely dinner. Why don’t you have a seat.
Sheldon: Da-da-da da-da dum, boink, boink.
Amy: May I offer you something to drink?
Sheldon: You know I don’t drink.
Amy: Not even strawberry Quik?
Sheldon: I love strawberry Quik. It’s my favourite pink fluid, narrowly beating out Pepto-Bismol.
Amy: Oh, I know. I think it will go nicely with what I have prepared for dinner.
Sheldon: Spaghetti with little pieces of hot dog cut up in it!
Amy: Just like your mommy used to make.
Sheldon: Oh yummy, yummy! We should do this more often. Uh-oh.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Leonard: I’m sorry. I did, I crossed a line. I didn’t mean to!
Penny: Who says something like that right in the middle of sex?
Leonard: I don’t know, it just came out. People say weird things during sex all the time.
Penny: Okay, well, they sure as hell don’t say that.
Leonard: It was the heat of the moment.
Penny: No, the heat of the moment is, ooh, yeah, just like that, not will you marry me?
Leonard: I’m sorry. Just, just give me another chance.
Penny: Why, so you can crawl under the covers and go, hey, baby, want to go look for houses in neighbourhoods with good schools?
Leonard: Again, I’m sorry. You know, with Howard and Bernadette getting married, I got caught up in a little wedding fever. I take it back.
Penny: You can’t take something like that back. I mean, what are we even supposed to do now?
Leonard: Okay, at some point, we’ll look back and this is going to be a funny story. Why don’t we just start doing that now?
Penny: You’re kidding.
Leonard: No. Hey, do you remember that time when I proposed to you in bed? And you were all, like, what are you doing? That was so funny. So funny.
Penny: It’s not funny.
Leonard: Give it a minute. Is that a little smile I see there? I should go.
Scene: Howard’s bedroom.
Howard: Hey, I was thinking. For our first dance at the wedding, what if we learn the final number from Dirty Dancing?
Bernadette: You’re kidding.
Howard: No, come on. How cool would that be? Me running into your arms, you lifting me up into the air.
Bernadette: Oh, you’re in a good mood.
Howard: Yeah, well, why wouldn’t I be? You know, I’m marrying the girl of my dreams, and I finally got my mother to agree not to come on our honeymoon. (Phone rings) Oh, hang on. Oh, it’s NASA. Wolowitz. Oh! Hi, Dave. What’s up? No kidding. Really? Well, that’s great news. Great, great news. All right, I’ll watch my e-mail for the details. Okay, talk soon.
Bernadette: What’s so great?
Howard: It looks like I’m going into space after all.
Bernadette: Oh, Howie, that’s wonderful!
Howard: Uh-huh, wonderful. Yay.
Bernadette: What happened? I thought they cancelled your mission.
Howard: Th-They did. But NASA really wants my telescope up on the space station, so they’re putting me on an earlier launch.
Bernadette: When?
Howard: A week from Friday.
Bernadette: What? We’re getting married that Sunday.
Howard: You’re right. I, I can’t go to space. I have to get married, and no one can say that’s not a good reason. I’ll call him back.
Bernadette: Wait. I don’t want to be the one who stands in your way.
Howard: Well, too bad, you already did. It’s a done deal. Oh, well. But I forgive you.
Bernadette: No. That’s not how I want to start our marriage, killing your dream. We’ll have the wedding when you get back.
Howard: But what about all the plans and the guests?
Bernadette: We’ll call them. Although my dad’s gonna go a little nutso over losing his deposits.
Howard: You’re right, he is! Your dad’s gonna be furious. There’s no way he’s gonna let us postpone this wedding. Well, we tried.
Bernadette: I’ll talk to him. He won’t say no to his little girl.
Howard: No. I, uh, I should talk to him, man to man.
Bernadette: But, Howie, my dad can be a bully. He’s gonna make you cancel your space flight.
Howard: We can only hope… that he doesn’t.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon and Leonard are playing three dimensional chess.
Sheldon: Bishop to queen four, level two. Check.
Leonard: Sheldon, knight takes bishop. You all right?
Sheldon: I’m fine.
Leonard: Are you? You left your queen exposed from above, you trapped your knight in the corner, and you keep sighing and saying, why me?
Sheldon: Very well. Can I ask you a question about women?
Leonard: We got you that book last year. Wasn’t everything in there?
Sheldon: No, I’m having a relationship problem with Amy. And by the way, that book gave me nightmares.
Leonard: Well, if it makes you feel any better, I screwed things up pretty good with Penny.
Sheldon: Look at us, Leonard, engaging in the social convention of men bellyaching about their ol’ ladies.
Leonard: I guess we are. So, what’s going on?
Sheldon: Believe it or not, Amy has embarked on a campaign to increase my feelings for her by making me happy.
Leonard: I’m sorry, that must be very difficult for you.
Sheldon: It’s awful. This morning, she arranged for me to be an Amtrak junior conductor for the day. It, it’s usually only open to children. She got them to make an exception.
Leonard: Shame on her.
Sheldon: They let me blow the whistle, Leonard.
Leonard: She’s good.
Sheldon: I know. And it gets worse. Her efforts are causing me to have affectionate feelings for her at inappropriate times.
Leonard: You mean, like in bed or in the shower?
Sheldon: No! Would you please stop referencing that infernal book? For example, this morning, I was calculating the random motion of virtual particles in a vacuum, when suddenly the particles morphed into an image of Amy’s dandruff gently cascading down onto her pale, slightly hunched shoulders. Oh, what has that vixen done to me, Leonard? And how do I make it stop?
Leonard: Well, if you had a physical relationship, I’d say propose during sex. Turns out that’s a real mood killer.
Sheldon: I assume we’re talking about you now?
Leonard: Yeah.
Sheldon: So, that’s how this works? I complain, and then you complain, and no one offers any solutions?
Leonard: Pretty much.
Sheldon: Well, no wonder the women are winning.
Scene: Bernadette’s father’s house.
Howard: Mr. Rostenkowski, are you busy?
Mr. Rostenkowski: I’m just looking at some old pictures. Come on in.
Howard: Family pictures, or… holy crap, that’s a dead person.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Last murder case before I retired. How many bodies do you see there? Careful, it’s a trick question.
Howard: I’m not sure.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Nah, you’ll never get it. It’s a fraction.
Howard: How about that. Anyway, sir, I need to talk to you about something.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Walnut?
Howard: No, thank you. I’m allergic.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Oh, sure. My partner used to have that. He’s dead now.
Howard: From nuts?
Mr. Rostenkowski: Nah, his wife shot him. But she was nuts, so in a way.
Howard: Nice story. Anyway, the reason I wanted to talk to you is NASA has moved up my launch to the International Space Station.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Yeah, so?
Howard: So, the date is going to conflict with me marrying your daughter. Now, I know what you’re going to say, I made a commitment to Bernadette and to your family and I’ve got a hell of a lot of nerve coming in here and demanding that we postpone this thing. Well, message heard and understood. Mission cancelled. Thank you.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Where are you going?
Howard: I’m sorry. May I be excused?
Mr. Rostenkowski: No, you may not. Let me tell you something. When I first met you… You just gonna stand there?
Howard: I’m sorry, I didn’t know, is this going to… Well, I should sit… May I be seat… Well, I’ll just sit.
Mr. Rostenkowski: When I first met you, I didn’t like you.
Howard: I’m aware of that, sir.
Mr. Rostenkowski: But then you and I had some time together.
Howard: Uh-huh.
Mr. Rostenkowski: It did not get better.
Howard: Right, right.
Mr. Rostenkowski: That silly Beatle haircut and you riding around on a red Vespa, and you still living at home with your mother. To be honest, I thought Bernadette chose you to punish me. But then I heard about your astronaut thing, and I realized I judged you too fast. Maybe you are the right guy for my little girl.
Howard: Oh, I am. And just so you know, I’d still be an astronaut, even if I didn’t go to space. I’ve got an I.D. Card and a NASA golf shirt.
Mr. Rostenkowski: No, no, you got to go. You can’t turn down an opportunity like this.
Howard: But what about the wedding and all the money you put down for the reception?
Mr. Rostenkowski: You let me worry about that. You go up to that space station, and you make me proud.
Howard: Um, okay.
Mr. Rostenkowski: You got a problem with that?
Howard: All right, look, I’m gonna level with you. I’m terrified about going into space. What if I don’t make it back?
Mr. Rostenkowski: It’s gonna be okay, son.
Howard: You really think so?
Mr. Rostenkowski: Of course. A pretty girl like Bernadette, she’ll find a new guy.
Scene: The stairwell.
Penny: Hey.
Leonard: Hey. Off to work?
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: Have a nice night.
Penny: Okay, you, too.
Leonard: Penny, just, wait. I’ve been thinking about what I said when we were in bed the other night.
Penny: Yeah, I’ve been thinking about it, too.
Leonard: I noticed you never answered me.
Penny: You’re right. (Kisses him) No.
Leonard: Uh, follow-up. Are we still dating?
Penny: Yep.
Leonard: Is it still weird ’cause I proposed?
Penny: Yep.
Leonard: I have a couple more quick questions. Do you want to call me from the car?
Penny: No!
Leonard: I played that pretty well. (Enters apartment. Amy, dressed as a Vulcan starfleet officer, is examining Sheldon.)
Amy: Hello, Leonard.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Amy: We’re playing doctor. Star Trek style.
Sheldon: I’m in hell, Leonard. Don’t stop.
Teleplay: Bill Prady, Steve Holland & Maria Ferrari
Story: Chuck Lorre, Steven Molaro & Jim Reynolds
 								
			
				Following a “Previously on The Big Bang Theory” section
Scene: A Soyuz Spaceship capsule.
Mission Control (in Russian): Launch step twelve reading okay.
Cosmonaut (in Russian): Launch step twelve acknowledged.
Howard: Hey Mike?
Mike Massimino: Yeah.
Howard: I changed my mind. I don’t want to do this.
Mike: Good one.
Howard: Yeah, I’m a funny guy. I also have a hysterical bit planned for later where I pretend to cry through the whole launch.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Sheldon, what channel is NASA TV?
Sheldon: 289, right between the Game Show Network at 288 and the East coast feed of the Disney Channel on 290.
Amy: I love his eidetic memory, it’s so sexy. Sheldon, what are the ingredients in Pringles?
Sheldon: Dried potatoes, vegetable oil, corn flower, wheat starch, maltodextrin, salt, and my favourite ingredient of all, uniformity.
Amy: The uterus quivers, does it not?
Leonard: There’s Howard’s rocket, live from Kazakhstan.
Bernadette: Oh, God, I’m so nervous. I don’t think I can watch.
Raj: You’re nervous? I’ve been stress-eating for four days. Look at me. I’m wearing my fat pants.
Sheldon: Remarkable. In just under a half hour, 200 metric tons of fuel will ignite in a controlled explosion right beneath Howard’s keister. And all from a country whose entire contribution to the global economy, has been Tetris and mail-order brides.
Bernadette: Give me those damn Pringles.
Scene: Soyuz capsule.
Cosmonaut (in Russian): Are all of the systems of the ship ready?
Mission Control: Da.
Mike: Okay, we’re in the final countdown. How you doing over there?
Howard: Good! Good! Oh, quick question, I missed it in the briefing. How much urine do these suits hold?
Credits sequence.
Scene: Soyuz capsule.
Mike: Hey, Froot Loops, want to hit your fan switch?
Howard: Check.
Cosmonaut: He calls you Froot Loops because of your very gay haircut?
Howard: No, it’s ’cause I live with my mom and she makes me Froot Loops.
Cosmonaut: Go with gay story, people are more accepting of that.
Mike: Actually, Froot Loops just got married to a girl.
Cosmonaut: Congratulations.
Howard: Thanks, we decided to do it before the launch.
Cosmonaut: You and Mrs. Loops have a big wedding?
Howard: Not exactly. Listen, if you don’t mind, I’m not really up for chatting. I’m just going to sit here quietly and let my life flash before my eyes. That went really quick. Let me try it again.
Scene: Howard’s bedroom.
Howard: Close your eyes. Put out your hand. I got you something special.
Bernadette: Come on, Howard. I’m not falling for that again.
Howard: No, here.
Bernadette: Oh, Howie. A little star, it’s beautiful. Put it on me.
Howard: Okay, but I’m going to have to get it back from you so I can take it to the International Space Station. That way, when I come home, you will have a star that was actually in space.
Bernadette: Oh, my God.
Howard: Take that, every guy who’s ever bought you anything.
Bernadette: This is the most amazing gift I’ve ever gotten.
Howard: Really? Well, if you like it that much, then close your eyes and put out your hand.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): ‘m going to the supermarket to buy snacks for your trip. Do you want me to get those little boxes of Froot Loops you like?
Howard: No! When I eat Froot Loops, the other astronauts make fun of me!
Bernadette: Howard, I don’t want to wait until you’re back to get married.
Howard: What?
Bernadette: I want to be married to you before you get in that rocket.
Howard: But I’m leaving in two days.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): What about Apple Jacks?
Howard: I don’t need to take cereal.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): What kind of breakfast do you think they’re going to give you in Russia?
Howard: They invented blintzes. I’ll be fine.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): They invented the lightbulb in New Jersey. It doesn’t mean they hand them out to you when you go.
Bernadette: We’ll have a quick little ceremony with just our friends, and we’ll still have the big reception with everyone when you get back.
Howard: Wow. Okay. Let’s get married.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): You know what, I’ll buy you All-Bran in case you get stopped up in outer space.
Scene: The apartment.
Bernadette: So anyway, we decided to go down to City Hall this afternoon get married, and then have the reception when Howard gets back.
Leonard: That’s so great. (Others also make encouraging sounds)
Howard: I mean, we know it’s short notice, but we’d love you all to come with us.
Amy: No, no, no, this is not the wedding I wanted! I want to wear my maid of honour dress and walk down the aisle with a hundred eyes on me, while a string quartet plays The Way You Look Tonight.
Bernadette: That wasn’t going to be our processional music.
Amy: Well, it was going to be mine.
Sheldon: Thank you for the invitation, but I have to decline because it doesn’t sound like something I’ll enjoy.
Leonard: Come on, Sheldon, it’ll be fun.
Sheldon: That’s what you said about The Green Lantern movie. You were 114 minutes of wrong.
Bernadette: So, what do you say, Amy?
Amy: Can I wear my maid of honour dress?
Bernadette: Seriously? You’re going to wear that thing to City Hall?
Amy: It’s all I have left. You’re going to take that from me, too?
Scene: City Hall.
Penny: Amy, you look great.
Amy: I know.
Leonard: Where’d you get a beer?
Raj: From that happy young couple over there with all the tattoos. Beautiful story, they’re in rival drug gangs, and they’re getting married. Shh, no one can know.
Amy: Look at all these people in love. It kind of gets you thinking, doesn’t it?
Sheldon: It does, indeed. Leonard, is it awkward being here with Penny given that you recently proposed to her?
Howard: You proposed to Penny?
Leonard: I don’t want to talk about it.
Raj: Where did he pop the question? What did you say?
Leonard: She said no, can we drop it now?
Penny: It wasn’t a real proposal.
Bernadette: Why wasn’t it a real proposal?
Sheldon: He asked her during coitus.
Howard: Did you get down on one knee or were you already there?
Bernadette: Howard, don’t talk like that on your wedding day.
Howard: I’m sorry, Ma… Bernadette. Ma… Burna… You’re ma Bernadette.
Penny: Good move telling Sheldon.
Leonard: What, I can’t propose? I can’t talk to my friends? Is there anything else I’m not allowed to do?
Amy: All right, that’s enough. Today is not about you two. Today is about Howard and Bernadette and me.
Registrar: Folks, can I have your attention. It’s five o’clock, we’re going to be able to take three more couples. The rest of you will have to come back on Monday.
Bernadette: Oh, no.
Howard: I got this. Excuse me, but is there any way you could squeeze us in? See, I’m an astronaut and I’m leaving for Russia on Sunday so I can take a Soyuz rocket to the International Space Station.
Registrar: Yeah, me, too. I’ll see you there.
Bernadette: I can’t believe we’re not going to get married.
Amy: Excuse me, I’m going to go see if the couple at the front of the line needs a maid of honour.
Scene: Soyuz capsule.
Cosmonaut: So, I tell my wife, get a dog, don’t get a dog, I’m not walking it, I’m not feeding it, I’m not picking up after it.
Mike: You know you’re going to wind up walking it.
Cosmonaut: I know.
Howard: Uh, shouldn’t you guys be talking about space stuff instead of dogs?
Mike: Dimitri, Froot Loops would be more comfortable if we talked about space stuff.
Dimitri: Okay, I’m going into space, and when I come back, I have to pick up a poodle crap.
Mike: Is that better?
Howard: Thanks.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory bar.
Howard: You know, we could always drive to Vegas and get married.
Bernadette: No, isn’t that kind of tacky?
Penny: Hey, I know tons of people who got married in Vegas.
Bernadette: Are any of them still married?
Penny: Yeah, I mean, not to the same people but…
Bernadette: There’s got to be some place special we could do it.
Sheldon: Leonard, where did you envision marrying Penny?
Leonard: Will you shut up?
Raj: Well, I know how to make it special.
Howard: I told you we are not recreating the wedding from The Sound of Music.
Raj: Yes, you made that brutally clear to me. What I was going to suggest is if that you’re willing to wait until Sunday morning, the Google satellite will be over Pasadena. You can have a wedding photograph from space.
All: Oh!
Leonard: That’s so cool.
Howard: Oh, wait to go, Raj.
Raj: I keep telling you, if I wasn’t an astrophysicist, I would have been a party planner. It was always a coin flip.
Howard: Okay, so we know we’re going to do it Sunday morning. Now we need to find a good place for the satellite to see us.
Leonard: How about our roof?
Bernadette: Oh, I like that.
Howard: That’s great.
Amy: Oh, my gosh. I can’t believe my maid of honour dress is going to be on Google Earth.
Howard: So, we have the where and the when, but we still need to figure out who’s going to do the ceremony.
Penny: Well, that’s easy. Anyone can go online and get ordained as a minister. I know a piercing parlour where, for a hundred bucks they’ll marry you and stick a wedding ring through any body part you want.
Bernadette: Great, well, who’s it going to be?
Sheldon: I’ll do it, provided I can perform the ceremony in Klingon.
Bernadette: No.
Sheldon: What do you see in her?
Scene: Soyuz capsule.
Dimitri (in Russian): Mission Control, say again, how fast is it leaking?
Howard: Leaking? What’s leaking?
Dimitri: Fuel. Shh.
Mission Control (in Russian): Not bad. We feel okay to go.
Dimitri (in Russian): Okay, thanks Mission Control.
Howard: There’s fuel leaking and we’re still going to go?
Mike: Don’t lose your Froot Loops, Froot Loops.
Dimitri: This happens a lot. Nine times out of ten, no problem.
Howard: What happens on the tenth time?
Dimitri: Problem.
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: Hey, guys, before I forget, I got you a little groomsman present.
Raj: Oh, thanks, man.
Sheldon: You didn’t have to do that.
Howard: Fantastic Four, annual number three from 1965, in mint condition. The one where Mr. Fantastic and the Invisible Girl get married.
Leonard: Oh, wow.
Sheldon: Oh, dear. I was afraid of this.
Howard: What?
Sheldon: While a thoughtful gift, this comic book in this condition is worth at least a hundred dollars.
Howard: Yeah, so?
Sheldon: I bought you and Bernadette a gravy boat worth eighty-eight dollars. Which places me in your debt and I can’t be in your debt because someday you might ask me to help you move, or to kill a man.
Leonard: I doubt he’ll ask you to kill a man.
Sheldon: Well, what if it’s his only way out? I can’t risk it. Here is twelve dollars. Now, we’re even. Wait, wait, wait, I bought a card. Give me two dollars. And for the record, this is why I hate gift-giving.
Scene: Penny’s door. Howard knocks.
Amy: Who is it?
Howard: It’s the groom.
Amy: Can’t come in. Bad luck to see the bride.
Howard: Okay, uh, fine. Bernie, I have to go pick up my mother. I’ll be right back.
Bernadette (off): Why can’t she drive herself?
Howard: She doesn’t want to sit in her dress and wrinkle it so I’m going to lay her down in the back of my neighbour’s van.
Bernadette (off): All right, just hurry!
Howard: Okay, I’ll see you later, Ma… uh… lovely bride-to-be. I really got to watch that.
Scene: The roof.
Leonard: Come on, Raj, we’re ready to start.
Raj: What, we’re ready when I say we’re ready. Uh-du-du-du, ooh, okay, now we’re ready.
Howard: Ma, you want to move your chair over here so you can see?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): I’m fine where I am. I don’t want to fall off the roof.
Howard: You’ll fall through the roof before you fall off it.
Raj: Penny. (She starts music playing) 
Mr Rostenkowski: Your new mother-in-law’s a piece of work.
Bernadette: Not now, Dad.
Mr Rostenkowski: She’s got a bigger mustache than me. Here you go.
Bernadette: Here you go? What am I, a football?
Mr Rostenkowski: Like that guy could catch a football.
Raj: Howard and Bernadette, the five of us stand before you as your friends and newly ordained ministers.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Louder!
Bernadette: They all got ordained, they’re all marrying us, it’s adorable, if you want to hear come closer.
Raj: Guys, when I look at the two of you starting your lives together, it fills my heart, It fills my, heart, okay, I’m going to need a minute.
Penny: Okay, I’ll, I’ll go. Howard and Bernadette, I know you two planned on getting married in a big fancy wedding, but when you’re in love, it doesn’t matter where or how these things happen. It just matters that you have each other.
Leonard: Hmm.
Penny: Problem?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: I think the Reverend Hofstadter is making an ironic connection between your statement about love and your rejection of his proposal in the bedroom.
Penny: Oh, grow up.
Leonard: Hey, I didn’t say it.
Amy: All right, that’s enough from the both of you.
Penny: Well, he started it.
Amy: Well, I’m ending it. Bernadette, I want to thank you for allowing me to be your maid of honour. I also want you to know, that I will be happy to do it again if this marriage craps out.
Leonard: Thank you, Amy. Very touching. Howard and Bernadette, you are lucky enough to be best friends who love each other. And that’s the strongest kind of love because at its core, it has kindness, patience, and respect. Qualities that are hard to find in people these days.
Sheldon: Would you like some aloe vera? You just got burned. All right, my turn. Howard, Bernadette. Daq tu’ taH Daq yIn tlhej ghajtaH.

Bernadette: Sheldon! I told you no Klingon.
Sheldon: Fine, I’ll do it in English, but it loses something. The need to find another human being to share one’s life with has always puzzled me. Maybe because I’m so interesting all by myself. With that being said, may you find as much happiness with each other as I find on my own. The Klingon would have made you cry.
Raj: I believe you two have prepared vows?
Bernadette: Howard Joel Wolowitz, like you, this is going to be short and sweet. I love you with all my heart and soul and promise to be with you forever.
Howard: Bernadette Maryann Rostenkowski.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Speak up!
Howard: Hey, from now on, she’s the only women who can yell at me! Until I met you, I couldn’t imagine spending my life with just one person. And now I can’t imagine spending one day of it without you.
All: By the power vested in us, by the state of California…
Sheldon: And the Klingon High Council…
All: We now pronounce you husband and wife.
Scene: Soyuz capsule.
Mike: That’s ignition. I love this part.
Dimitri: Me, too.
Howard: I have strongly mixed feelings.
Scene: The apartment.
Bernadette: Oh, my God, it’s happening.
Penny: Did I miss it?
Leonard: No, come on in. Hurry.
Bernadette: I love that man.
Raj: Me, too.
Penny: I can’t believe it. This whole time, a small part of me thought he was lying.
Leonard: This is it.
Sheldon: Boldly go, Howard Wolowitz.
(Russian countdown ends, rocket takes off)
Howard (voice off): Oy vay!
Teleplay: Chuck Lorre, Steven Molaro & Jim Reynolds
Story: Bill Prady, Eric Kaplan & Steve Holland
 								
			
				Following a “Previously on The Big Bang Theory” section
Scene: The Comic Book Store.
Stuart: So, Howard’s really in space, huh?
Leonard: Mm-hmm, International Space Station. 250 miles that way.
Raj: Right now, Howard’s staring down at our planet like a tiny Jewish Greek god. Zeusowitz.
Sheldon: I must admit, I can’t help but feel a twinge of envy. He can look out the window and see the majesty of the universe unfolding before his eyes. His dim, uncomprehending eyes. It’s like a cat in an airport carrying case.
Leonard: You know, it’s not exactly glamorous up there. The water that the astronauts drink is made from each other’s recycled urine.
Stuart: Must be nice. Nobody wants anything that comes out of me.
Raj: I wonder what he’s doing right this very second.
Leonard: Mm, conducting experiments in zero gravity.
Raj: Peering through his telescope at the birth of the cosmos.
Sheldon: Whatever it is, we know his life will never be the same.
Scene: The International Space Station.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard. Can you hear me?
Howard: I can hear you without the phone,
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Don’t be snippy. I’m just excited to talk to my baby.
Howard: I’m excited to talk to you, too.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): So, what’s this mishegas about you moving out to go live with the little Polish girl?
Howard: How about calling her my wife?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Wives don’t take boys from their mothers.
Howard: They do. That’s why we marry them.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): I just hope I’m not dead from a broken heart before you get back.
Howard: Ma, please. Everyone from NASA is listening to this phone call.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Good. They should know what a horrible son you are.
Howard: Okay, Ma, great talking to you. Gotta go. Well, space is ruined.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. Penny is bleaching Amy’s upper lip.
Amy: This is so exciting. Soon, my upper lip will be the same fake blonde as my beautiful best friend.
Penny: Hey, this is my natural hair colour. Now. So, does Sheldon have anything special planned for you tomorrow night?
Amy: Oh, yes. According to the Relationship Agreement, on the anniversary of our first date, he must take me to a nice dinner, ask about my day and engage in casual physical contact that a disinterested onlooker might mistake for intimacy.
Penny: That’s hot. You kids better use protection.
Amy: How long does this stay on?
Penny: Just a couple of minutes. You’ve really never done this before?
Amy: Once in high school, but I dozed off and woke up with second-degree chemical burns on my face.
Penny: Oh, my gosh, that’s awful. The other kids make fun of you?
Amy: No, I had a cover story, I told everyone it was herpes. So, how’s everything going with you and Leonard?
Penny: Uh, I don’t know, it’s still kind of weird. We haven’t really recovered since he proposed to me in the middle of sex.
Amy: Oh, boo-hoo. If Sheldon proposed to me during sex, my ovaries would grab on to him and never let go.
Scene: The university cafeteria.
Sheldon: Leonard, where do you stand on the anthropic principle?
Leonard: Interesting question. On the one hand, I always thought…
Sheldon: You don’t even know what it is, do you? The anthropic principle states that if we wish to explain why our universe exists the way it does, the answer is that it must have qualities that allow intelligent creatures to arise who are capable of asking the question. As I am doing so eloquently right now.
Leonard: I know what the anthropic principle is.
Sheldon: Of course. I just explained it to you. Now, where do you stand on it?
Leonard: Where do you stand on it? 
Sheldon: Strongly pro.
Leonard: Then I believe that God created the world in six days, and on the seventh he made you to annoy me.
Raj: Hey, guys.
Leonard: Hey.
Sheldon: Yeah, wait, Raj, where do you stand on the anthropic principle?
Raj: I’m all for it.
Sheldon: Attaboy!
Leonard: Well, hang on. Why do you believe that he knows what it is and I don’t?
Sheldon: Oh, Leonard. Let’s not take a saw to the branch we’re sitting on, shall we?
Raj: Hey, uh, if you guys are free tonight, I heard about a spa where you soak your feet n a pool full of little fish that eat all the dead skin right off them. I don’t need to tell you in Los Angeles, sandal season is year round.
Leonard: Actually, I’m hanging out with Penny. 
Raj: Oh, okay. Sounds like it’s me and you, Sheldon. How about we sic some guppies on those puppies?
Sheldon: As I’ve stated before on numerous occasions, the only sea creature I would even consider being eaten by is the Kraken, because the last words I would hear are “Release the Kraken.” That never gets old. “Release the Kraken!” Oh, chills. Besides, I’m having dinner with Amy.
Raj: Oh, okay. I’ll just go home and be alone. Which is cool. I eat alone, I sleep alone, I cry alone, so, cool.
Sheldon: Darn. If you weren’t busy, I’d ask you to join us.
Raj: Really? I can come? Thanks.
Leonard: Sheldon, are you sure you want to be bringing Raj on your date night with Amy?
Sheldon: Oh, absolutely. I have a contractual obligation to provide Amy with conversation and casual physical contact, but nowhere is it specified that I can’t outsource that to an Indian.
Scene: The International Space Station
Bernadette (on webcam): Howie? Howie?
Howard: Hey, there’s my beautiful bride. Can you see me?
Bernadette: I can. How are you?
Howard: I’m amazing. I mean, this is even better than I dreamed. I look out the window, and it’s all so unbelievable.
Bernadette: Good for you. I just had a seemingly endless dinner with your mom.
Howard: Oh, yeah? That’s nice.
Bernadette: It was. Until I found out you never told her we’re not gonna live with her. Let’s talk about that for a minute.
Howard: Hey, look, this pen is floating. How crazy is that?
Bernadette: You said you told her, but you never did!
Howard: Okay, okay, I know you’re upset, but let me share something I’ve learned since I got here. You realize how small your problems are when you’re looking down on them from space. Now, come on, that’s got to make you feel better.
Bernadette: How clear is the image of me on that screen?
Howard: Pretty clear.
Bernadette: Do I look like I feel better?
Howard: I mean, it’s not, like, HD quality.
Bernadette: Listen, mister, you’re gonna talk to your mother and you’re gonna fix this, or that thing I said I was gonna do to you the minute you got home, you can do to yourself.
Dimitri: Like he’s been doing since he got here.
Scene: A restaurant.
Amy: Sheldon, this place is so romantic. 
Sheldon: Oh, I’m glad you like it. Raj picked it out.
Amy: Well, when you see him, tell him I say thank you.
Sheldon: Tell him yourself.
Raj: Yoo-hoo! Over here!
Amy: I don’t understand. What’s he doing here?
Sheldon: I invited him.
Amy: On our date? Sheldon, that’s not okay.
Sheldon: Yes, it is. There’s a loophole in the Relationship Agreement.
Amy: You found a loophole?
Raj: Sorry I started without you. I’m a little nervous. It’s been a long time since I’ve been on a date.
Amy: I can’t believe I bleached my moustache for this.
Raj: You should go to my girl. She’ll knock out those sideburns for free.
Later.
Raj: You know, Amy, I don’t even think you and I have had a real conversation. Let’s use tonight to get to know each other a little better. You start.
Amy: Go home.
Raj: I don’t understand.
Amy: Sheldon, how could you do this? It’s our second anniversary.
Raj: It’s your anniversary? Oh, my God, I had no idea. Amy, please, let me make this right. 
Amy: Thank you.
Raj: My pleasure. Waiter? A bottle of champagne and three glasses. Oh, boy, isn’t this romantic?
Sheldon: Oh, I hope that’s a rhetorical question, because I have no clue.
Scene: The apartment. 
Penny: This is great. What’s the occasion?
Leonard: No occasion. You know, things have been a little weird between us, so I wanted to throw together a fun night just for you.
Penny: That is so sweet.
Leonard: I got all your favourites. Beer, wings, sliders. We can watch the football game. I even painted my stomach.
Penny: Go Sports?
Leonard: Well, in case you were in the mood for baseball, I didn’t want to look ridiculous.
Penny: This is awesome. I love it!
Leonard: Good, I’m glad. 
Penny: Gosh, I worked my ass off today. This is exactly what I needed.
Leonard: Great. Just relax and enjoy. Tonight is all about you.
Penny: Ah, thank you!
Leonard: So, where exactly are we in this relationship?
Penny: Oh, come on. I just told you I had a hard day.
Leonard: You’re right, I’m sorry. Let’s watch the game. 
Penny: Great.
Leonard: I just know the longer we wait to talk about it, the weirder it gets.
Penny: Sweetie, can I just be the girl tonight?
Leonard: Absolutely. You’re the girl, I’m the guy. Now, you watch your football game while I make you a little plate here.
Penny: Thank you. (Knock on door)
Leonard: Oh, I’ll get it. Go sports.
Raj: Hello-lo-lo.
Leonard: What are you doing here? I thought you were out with Sheldon and Amy.
Raj: I was, but it’s their anniversary and I didn’t want to be a third wheel, so I figured I’d come over here and hang out with you and Penny on your date.
Leonard: Well, it’s not really a great time. Penny and I have some things we need to talk about.
Penny: No, we don’t! Come on in!
Raj: Sweet!
Leonard: I can’t believe I shaved my stomach for this.
Scene: The International Space Station
Dimitri: Hey, Froot Loops. You got a phone call.
Howard: Who is it?
Dimitri: A woman who says she’s your mother but sounds like your father.
Howard: Hey, Ma. You know, we could see each other if you turn on the computer.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): I’m not going near that fakakta thing. I’ll catch a computer virus.
Howard: You can’t catch a computer virus.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Oh, so now you’re an astronaut and a doctor?
Howard: What do you want, Ma?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Your wife says you have something important to tell me.
Howard: Okay, here it is. Bernadette and I are starting a life together and…
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Oh, God! You are gonna leave me.
Howard: Ma…
Mrs Wolowitz (off): It’s okay. Your father left me, you left me, I guess I’m just the kind of person people like to leave.
Howard: It’s not definite. I’ll talk to Bernadette.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Don’t bother. I’ll just go sit in a hole in the ground so I’m no trouble when I die.
Howard: Stop it, Ma. I’m sure I can get Bernie to come around.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): I knew it. I knew she was behind this. You listen to me, if you want to be a man you can’t let a woman tell you what to do.
Howard: Okay, okay.
Dimitri: Oy. I can’t believe these people won the Cold War.
Howard: Now, can we please change the subject?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Fine. Explain why you’ve been gone so long and I haven’t gotten a single letter. Not even a lousy postcard.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: You know, I’m growing to like American football. 
Penny: Yeah, it’s fun, isn’t it?
Raj: Well, it’s not the balls-to-the-wall action of badminton or cricket, but hey, what is?
Penny: All right, who’s ready for another beer?
Leonard: I’m good.
Raj: No, thank you.
Penny: Girls.
Raj: Oh, I’m having the nicest time. You guys are like family to me. You know that, right?
Leonard: That’s great. Get out.
Raj: What? Why?
Leonard: Penny and I have some issues we need to talk about.
Raj: Oh pish on your issues. You guys are fine. Yes, you hit some bumps along the way. I mean, Penny, you’ve always known how this man has felt about you, but you made him grovel for affection.
Penny: Okay, hold on…
Raj: Now, don’t blame yourself. He was a groveller from way back. But the point is, the two of you got past it. And, Leonard, you go and propose to this poor girl in the middle of sex? That was some weak tea, dude.
Leonard: Some people might say it was romantic.
Raj: Yeah, no. But yet, here you two are, still together. And that’s even after you and I had our crazy naked night.
Leonard: Okay.
Penny: That’s enough.
Raj: I’m just saying that after everything you’ve been through, you get to look into each other’s eyes and say “I love you.” And that’s beautiful.
Leonard: Actually, to this day, she’s never really said it.
Raj: Oh, Penny. That’s ridiculous. You know you love him. You, you look him in the eyes and you say it. 
Penny: Raj.
Raj: Oh come on, you know you want to say it. Say it. Say you love him. Say it!
Scene: The hallway. Raj is ejected from the apartment.
Raj: I really thought she would say it.
Scene: The restaurant.
Amy: Have I ever told you you’re like a sexy praying mantis? 
Sheldon: Every time you drink alcohol.
Amy: You know what’s wonderful about the praying mantis? They devour their mate.
Sheldon: Your point being?
Amy: Dessert is served.
Sheldon: I just had cobbler.
Amy: You know what? I’m done with this.
Sheldon: W-Where are you going?
Amy: I’m leaving.
Sheldon: You can’t leave. I need you.
Amy: You do?
Sheldon: Yes. You’re my ride.
Amy: Sheldon, you either say something meaningful and from the heart, or you and I are done.
Sheldon: All right. Please. Amy, when I look in your eyes and you’re looking back in mine, everything feels not quite normal, because I feel stronger and weaker at the same time. I feel excited and, at the same time, terrified. The truth is, I don’t know what I feel, except I know what kind of man I want to be.
Amy: Sheldon, that was beautiful.
Sheldon: I should hope so. That’s from the first Spider-Man movie.
Amy: I’ll take it.
Sheldon: Good. Now, I assume we’re splitting the cheque?
Scene: The Comic Book Store.
Raj: Hey, Stuart.
Stuart: Oh, hey. I was actually just about to close up.
Raj: Oh, I’m sorry. I’ll leave.
Stuart: No, no. It’s okay. Hang out. 
Raj: You sure?
Stuart: Yeah, you’re my first customer today.
Raj: All right. Great.
Stuart: I’m, uh, having a nightcap. You want to join me?
Raj: What are you drinking?
Stuart: Coffee liqueur in a Chewbacca mug. I call it a sad-tini.
Raj: Perfect for the night I’m having. Thank you.
Stuart: Hmm. Nice not to drink alone.
Raj: Amen to that. Sometimes I pour a little chardonnay into my dog’s water bowl.
Stuart: You’re kidding.
Raj: She’s kind of a mean drunk, but what are you gonna do?
Stuart: Cheers.
Raj: Cheers.
Stuart: A little music?
Raj: Sure. Mmm. Bossa nova. You listen to that with your hips as well as your ears.
Stuart: Mmm.
Raj: Oh. Something about latin music just makes me feel like I’m on a white sand beach in Rio.
Stuart: Yeah. The sun, the waves, the beautiful bodies, tanned and glistening with sweat.
Raj: I should go.
Stuart: Yeah.
Raj: Uh, thank you for the drink.
Stuart: No problem.
Raj: Hey, Stuart.
Stuart: Yeah?
Raj: Do you want to hang out tomorrow night, maybe grab a bite to eat or catch a late movie?
Stuart: Yeah, I-I’d like to, but I’m a little tight on funds.
Raj: No problem. My treat. I’ll swing by after work.
Stuart: Okay.
Raj: Okay.
Stuart: I could do worse.
Scene: The International Space Station
Bernadette: Aw, that’s such good news, Howie. Thank you for telling her.
Howard: Hey, I’m a grown man. I’m gonna live with my wife. My mother’s just gonna have to learn to make do on her own.
Bernadette: Was she upset?
Howard: Who can tell? She yells everything. She might have been upset. She might have been hungry.
Bernadette: Thanks for fixing it. I love you.
Howard: I love you, too. Sweet dreams. I’ll talk to you tomorrow?
Bernadette: Good night, Rocket Man.
Howard: To infinity and beyond, baby.
Dimitri: Loops. You realize you just lied your ass off to your wife and your mother.
Howard: I know.
Dimitri: What are you gonna do when you get back to Earth?
Howard: Oh, I’m never going back.
 								
			
				Scene: Bernadette’s apartment.
Bernadette: And the next wedding gift is a gravy boat.
Penny: Ooh, one gravy boat.
Amy: That’s from Sheldon. He told me he had it engraved.
Bernadette: In the event of a divorce, please return to Sheldon Cooper.
Penny: One inappropriate, yet I wish I thought of that gravy boat.
Amy: When I get married I’m going to register at the UCLA Cadaver Lab.
Penny: Ew, why?
Amy: ‘Cause I’ve always wanted a whole human skeleton and they are really spendy.
Bernadette: So, you actually see you and Sheldon getting married someday?
Amy: Not just someday. In exactly four years. But don’t tell Sheldon. He’s still a flight risk.
Bernadette: What about you, Penny?
Penny: What about me what?
Bernadette: Do you think you and Leonard might ever get married?
Penny: Oh, well, you know, Leonard is great.
Bernadette: But do you think you’ll ever get married?
Penny: He’s a sweetie.
Amy: You’re not answering the question. Do you love him?
Penny: Yeah, sure, of course I love him.
Bernadette: It doesn’t sound like it.
Penny: Well, I do.
Bernadette: Do you tell him that?
Penny: No, he’d just take it the wrong way.
Amy: What does that mean?
Penny: It means he is special and smart and nice and…
Bernadette: Are you gonna break up with him?
Penny: No. Maybe. I don’t know.
Bernadette: I had no idea you were unhappy.
Penny: That’s the thing, I’m not. I’m not unhappy at all. It’s just, I don’t know, I, I’ve been in love before, but it felt different. But maybe this is a new, better, boring kind of love. Do you ever feel that way about Howard?
Bernadette: Oh, that’s not really a fair comparison. I’m basically married to a sexy Buzz Lightyear.
Penny: Amy, you?
Amy: Can’t help ya, kid. Whenever I’m around Sheldon, I feel like my loins are on fire. In the good way. Not the urinary tract infection way.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Cutting between the International Space Station and the apartment (the guys are on webcam).
Raj (voice off): Hey, buddy, how’s it going up there?
Howard: You don’t have to shout, Raj. It’s not like I’m an astronaut floating around in outer space. Oh, wait, I am.
Leonard: So, is it everything you hoped it would be?
Howard: It’s better. I wake up every morning and I just can’t believe I’m on this incredible adventure.
Dimitri: Hey, Froot Loops, did you clean the space toilet?
Howard: Excuse me. I’m talking to my friends.
Mike: You know the rules, new guy scrubs the toilet.
Dimitri: If you do good job, next time we give you brush.
Howard: Funny. We’re always giving each other a hard time up here. It’s kind of like being in a frat. You know, joking, kidding around, hurting feelings.
Sheldon: Okay, my turn. Let me talk to him.
Leonard: Go ahead.
Sheldon: 2311 North Los Robles Avenue, Pasadena, California to International Space Station. Can you read me? Over. (Makes static noise)
Howard: Yes, I read you, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Copy that. Over. (Static noise)
Leonard: What are you doing?
Sheldon: I am talking to a man in space. If you don’t have the (static noise) then he might as well be at the Coffee Bean over on Lake Street.
Howard: You’re out of your mind,Sheldon.
Sheldon: That’s a negative. My mother had me tested. Over. (Static noise)
Mike: Come on, scrub it up, Loops.
Howard: All right, all right. I gotta go. There’s a meteor shower.
Mike: You want to see a meteor shower? Take a look at what Dimitri just left you in the toilet.
Howard: Bye.
Sheldon: Over and out. (Static noise)
Raj: Bye, buddy!
Stuart (knocking and entering): Hello.
Raj: Hey, Stuart, come on in.
Sheldon: What are you doing here?
Stuart: Um, Raj invited me to go to the movies with you guys.
Sheldon: Excuse me. I didn’t authorize this.
Leonard: Sheldon, you are not in charge.
Sheldon: That’s mighty sassy for a man with a roommate performance review around the corner.
Raj: What’s the big deal? You guys are bringing your girlfriends. I didn’t want to sit by myself.
Sheldon: The big deal is I was expecting us to be an intimate group of five. Now, we’re going to be a faceless mass of six.
Leonard: It’ll be fine. Just, uh, pretend he’s Wolowitz.
Sheldon: Hmm. Do you like Raisinets?
Stuart: I can take them or leave them.
Sheldon: At the movies, Wolowitz always eats Raisinets.
Stuart: Would you feel more comfortable if I ate Raisinets?
Sheldon: Well, it’s hardly my business what you eat, as long as it doesn’t crunch during the film and it’s Raisinets.
Stuart: Okay. Should we go?
Sheldon: Yuh-uh, one more question, if you’re going to replace Wolowitz, I need to know a little more about you.
Stuart: All right.
Sheldon: Wolowitz went to MIT. What’s your educational background?
Stuart: I went to art school.
Sheldon: Equally ridiculous. Let’s go.
Scene: The cinema.
Sheldon: This insistence on hand-holding is preposterous.
Amy: Well, I like it.
Sheldon: Yeah, of course you do. You’re a girl. You like all kinds of hippy-dippy things.
Amy: Just watch the movie.
Sheldon: It’s not fair. Penny isn’t making Leonard hold hands.
Amy: There might be a reason for that.
Sheldon: Sweaty? Unhygienic? Looks dumb? Take your pick.
Amy: Penny said she’s not sure she wants to be Leonard’s girlfriend anymore.
Sheldon: Wrong. She just took a sip from his Diet Dr. Pepper.
Amy: So?
Sheldon: So, if she wants to end her pair-bond with Leonard, why on earth would she guzzle a witches’ brew of his soda and spit?
Amy: It’s complicated.
Sheldon: String theory is complicated. That’s just yucky. Don’t get any ideas. All right, for the sake of argument, let’s say that’s true. Why doesn’t Penny just end the relationship?
Amy: She’s not sure how she feels.
Sheldon: How can she not be sure how she feels? You know, when I have a feeling, I know it. Trains? Love them. Swordfish? I love them, too. They’re fish with a sword for a nose.
Amy: Regardless, don’t say anything to Leonard.
Sheldon: Now you’re asking me to keep a secret from my best friend, colleague, and roommate?
Amy: Yes, please, Penny will kill me.
Sheldon: Uh, fine. FYI, secret-keeping? Hate it. Hand-holding? Not a fan. Hammerhead shark? I love that thing. Yeah, it’s another fish with a tool on its head.
Stuart: Raisinet?
Sheldon: Shh, we’re trying to watch the movie. This is not working out with him.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is making a sucking noise with his teeth.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Sheldon: I think I might have tartar buildup. My tongue won’t go as far forward as it used to.
Leonard: Maybe your tongue is shrinking.
Sheldon (measures): Nope. Oh, you have no idea how annoying this is.
Leonard: I’m starting to get a sense of it. Don’t worry. I’ll take you to the dentist tomorrow.
Sheldon: Thank you. I appreciate that. You’re good people, Leonard. There’s something I need to tell you.
Leonard: Okay.
Sheldon: I can’t tell you.
Leonard: Why?
Sheldon: I can’t tell you why I can’t tell you. So I guess there’s two things I can’t tell you.
Leonard: I wish there were more.
Sheldon: Good night. I’m sorry. This is really important.
Leonard: What is it?
Sheldon: I like The Transformers. Do you like The Transformers?
Leonard: Where exactly did your mother have you tested?
Sheldon: Leonard, the Transformers teach us that things are not always what they appear to be. You know, like, uh, a semi truck might be an alien robot, or, uh, someone in a romantic relationship, uh, might feel differently than they appear to. Or a conversation about The Transformers might actually be about someone in this room. I’m going to pause to let that sink in.
Leonard: Okay, I think I understand.
Sheldon: You do?
Leonard: The guy who seems like an emotionless robot is you, but your relationship with Amy is causing you to transform into a red-blooded man with sexual desires.
Sheldon: That is literally the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.
Scene: Leonard’s room.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard?
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Are you sleeping?
Leonard: I was. Now I’m having a nightmare. What do you want?
Sheldon: Never mind. I still can’t tell you.
Scene: Penny’s bedroom. Sheldon is standing over Penny’s bed, knocking on the wall.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Penny wakes up and screams. Sheldon also screams)
Penny: Oh, my God. Sheldon?
Sheldon: You frightened me.
Penny: What are you doing in my bedroom?
Sheldon: Yeah, well, I knocked on the front door, but you didn’t hear it.
Penny: How did you even get in, you weirdo?
Sheldon: Yeah, really? I’ve seen strange men traipsing in and out of here for years, but when I do it, it’s weird?
Penny: What do you want, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Oh, I was having a little trouble sleeping and I just thought, uh, seeing as you’re up, we could talk.
Penny: Talk about what?
Sheldon: Oh, I don’t know, uh, weather, uh, fish you could do carpentry with, why Leonard is such an attractive and desirable boyfriend. Yeah, pick one, your choice.
Penny: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Did you know that Leonard has a perfect driving record and enjoys the insurance discounts that go along with that? Hubba-hubba.
Penny: Okay, go home, crazy man.
Sheldon: Yeah. Did you know that while Leonard is not considered a tall fellow in our country, in today’s North Korea, he’s downright average. Hey, talk about a keeper.
Penny: Okay, what did Amy tell you?
Sheldon: Oh, very well. I can’t keep up this clever charade any longer. She told me that you were thinking of ending it with Leonard.
Penny: Okay, you listen to me. I think it’s really sweet you’re trying to protect your friend, but this is none of your business. Got it?
Sheldon: Excuse me. This is not about protecting my friend. I’m a big fan of homeostasis. Do you know what that is?
Penny: Of course not.
Sheldon: Homeostasis refers to a system’s ability to regulate its internal environment and maintain a constant condition of properties like temperature or pH.
Penny: Worst bedtime story ever.
Sheldon: My point is I don’t like when things change. So, regardless of your feelings, I would like you to continue dating Leonard. And also, while we’re on the subject, you recently changed your shampoo. I’m not comfortable with the new scent. Please stop this madness and go back to green apple.
Penny: Okay, honey, I have a lot to figure out, and until I do, you are not to say a word to Leonard. Do you understand?
Sheldon: I do. You clear on the shampoo issue?
Penny: Get out.
Sheldon: Penny?
Penny: What?
Sheldon: Please don’t hurt my friend.
Penny: That is the last thing I want to do.
Sheldon: Thank you. Coconut? What were you thinking? Are you a hula girl?
Penny: Get out.
Scene: Amy’s bedroom. Phone rings.
Amy: Hello?
Penny: What the hell is wrong with you? You told Sheldon? Do you know what a terrible position this puts me in? (Phone beeps)
Amy: Hang on, please. Hello?
Sheldon: Yeah, just a heads-up: Penny knows that you blabbed about Leonard. She’s pretty mad.
Amy: I know. She’s yelling at me right now.
Sheldon: All right then, so we’re all on the same page. Yes.
Scene: Cutting between the International Space Station and the Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: Hey, Bernie.
Bernadette: There’s my hubby. How’s everything going up there?
Howard: Oh, it’s okay. Space is beautiful. Earth is beautiful. Same old, same old.
Bernadette: What’s wrong?
Howard: Nothing. Everything’s fine.
Bernadette: Howard.
Howard: The other astronauts are being mean to me.
Bernadette: No, what are they doing?
Howard: Well, like for instance, the other day when I was asleep, one of the guys went on a space walk and glued a big-eyed rubber alien mask to the outside of my window. When I woke up, I screamed for like nine minutes.
Bernadette: Oh, Howie.
Howard: You can see it if you want. It’s on YouTube. Google astronaut screams for nine minutes.
Bernadette: Why don’t you stand up to them?
Howard: What am I supposed to say?
Bernadette: I don’t know. Say, being mean is lame, what’s cool is being nice.
Howard: Great, I’ll do that when I want to be the first guy in space to get a wedgie.
Bernadette: Do you want me to call somebody at NASA?
Howard: No. My mom already tried that. It only made things worse.
Scene: The apartment. The guys are playing a card game.
Leonard: Gelatinous Sphere.
Raj: Focused Locust.
Stuart: Temple of Yip.
Sheldon: I’m sorry. Wolowitz would never play that card.
Stuart: All right, Lesser Demon Turtle.
Sheldon: Fairy God Monster, I win. Your desperate need for friendship makes you weak.
Raj: So, what are you guys doing later? Stuart and I were thinking of going out for a drink.
Stuart: We’re gonna try to meet some girls.
Raj: ‘Cause that’s what we do.
Stuart: Watch out, ladies, a little coffee and cream coming your way.
Raj: In case you didn’t follow that, I’m the coffee.
Sheldon: Leonard? Maybe you’d like to go with them to meet girls.
Leonard: Why would I be interested? I have Penny.
Sheldon: Yeah, for now. But that woman has a death wish, Leonard. She talks to strangers, she pets unfamiliar dogs, and it is ridiculously easy to break into her apartment. If I were you, I’d get a back-up.
Leonard: You can’t just replace someone you care about with some other random person.
Stuart: No, please don’t ruin this for me.
Sheldon: Do you remember how upset I was when they replaced Edward Norton as the Hulk?
Leonard: Yes, you walked around for a week saying, Sheldon unhappy with casting choice.
Sheldon: But, then Mark Ruffalo was the Hulk in The Avengers, and he was even better.
Leonard: What’s your point?
Sheldon: Call me a romantic. I like to think that your Mark Ruffalo is still out there somewhere.
Leonard: This is ridiculous. Are we gonna play cards or not?
Stuart: I like Mark Ruffalo, too.
Sheldon: Yeah, settle down there, fake Wolowitz. No one likes a kiss-up.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Leonard: So, I had to take Sheldon to the dentist this morning.
Penny: Really?
Leonard: Yup. I told him if he didn’t bite the hygienist, I’d take him for ice cream.
Penny: Mmm.
Leonard: I didn’t have to take him for ice cream.
Penny: Uh-huh.
Leonard: You okay? You seem a little distracted.
Penny: Look, there’s something I need to tell you.
Leonard: Oh. Yeah, okay.
Penny: I don’t really know how to say this.
Leonard: Just say it.
Penny: Okay. Here goes.
Leonard: Mm-hmm.
Scene: Bernadette’s apartment.
Amy: You slept with him?
Penny: I didn’t know what else to do. He had those big, sad eyes.
Bernadette: Oh, sure, you had no choice.
Penny: He looked at me like this.
Amy: Well, if that’s all it takes, it’s a good thing you don’t have a dog.
Bernadette: Don’t worry. You’ll have plenty of chances to break up with him. Your wedding day, your honeymoon, your 50th anniversary.
Penny: Look, it’s fine. We’re not getting married, okay? We’re keeping things, you know, homeostasis.
Amy: It’s so cute when she tries.
Penny (phone text tone): It’s from Leonard. Last night was amazing. You’re amazing. I’m so lucky to have you in my life. (They give him a hangdog look) Okay, stop it.
Scene: Cutting between the International Space Station and the Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: Hey, Bernie, guess what? I stood up to the other astronauts like you said and I got to tell you, last night was the first time in a week I got a good night’s sleep. (On screen, Howard has a mouse face drawn on his face, and the words F.LOOPS on his forehead.)
Bernadette: Oh, Howie.
Howard: What’s wrong? You look upset.
Bernadette: Nope, this is my proud face.
 								
			
				Scene: Webcam conversation between Bernadette’s Office and the International Space Station
Howard: Hey, Bernie.
Bernadette: Hey, how’s my little astronautie hottie?
Howard: Okay, I guess. It’s just, being cooped up in this tin can for weeks on end is starting to get to me.
Bernadette: Well, hang in there. You just have a couple more days to go, and then you’ll be home.
Howard: I know.
Bernadette: I got to get back to work. I love you.
Howard: Love you too. Hey, Bernie? Before you go, can you do something for me?
Bernadette: What do you want me to do?
Howard: Okay, here it is. I really miss gravity. Can you drop something so I can watch it fall?
Bernadette: Really, you’re serious? Okay. (Drops a pencil)
Howard: Oh, baby, you’re killing me.
Scene: The apartment. Penny enters, carrying a box.
Penny: Ugh. Hey, Sheldon? Hi. This came for you today. It’s from your mom.
Sheldon: Oh, thank you, Penny.
Penny: M-hmm.
Sheldon: Yeah, wait, here. For your troubles.
Penny: Oh, boy, a whole dollar. Now, I can quit my paper route. So, what’s in it?
Leonard: Mmm, doesn’t matter. Half the time, he just ends up playing with the box.
Sheldon: Yeah, it’s journals and research papers I wrote as a child.
Penny: Aw, how cute. Is this like a diary?
Sheldon: No, that’s my potty training journal.
Penny: Really, your potty training journal?
Sheldon: Yeah. And forgive my crude penmanship. I didn’t start typing until I was six.
Penny: August 7, 8:42 a.m. This is humiliating. What was wrong with diapers?
Sheldon: There are some charts in the back where I kept track of shape, colour and consistency.
Penny: Oh, disgusting.
Leonard: No, what’s disgusting is he’s still keeping track.
Penny: Why do you need all this stuff?
Leonard: No, no, no, no.
Penny: Sorry!
Sheldon: I am glad you asked. Are you familiar with the Higgs boson?
Penny: Of course, it is, it’s been in the news. And it’s a very famous boson.
Sheldon: Nice try. Now, in 1964, Dr. Peter Higgs, accomplished self-promoter and physicist, he wrote a paper postulating the existence of a subatomic particle called the Higgs boson. Now, initially the paper was rejected, but recently, he was proven right, and now he’s on the fast track to win a Nobel prize.
Penny: Yeah, that’s basically what I said.
Sheldon: Yeah, the point is Higgs is being celebrated for work he did 50 years ago, so that got me thinking, perhaps I’ve already hit upon the idea that will win me my Nobel prize.
Leonard: I didn’t know they gave Nobel prizes for making boom-boom in the potty.
Penny: You really think there’s some kind of scientific discovery in here?
Sheldon: Well, this box only covers my work through nursery school. There’s a good deal more to come. I didn’t really hit my academic stride until I cut out that time-suck known as playing outdoors.
Leonard: So, you’re going to spend hours and hours combing through all this stuff?
Sheldon: That’s a good point. My time is much too valuable. You know, perhaps I should find someone to do it for me. You know, someone with a rudimentary understanding of science, but whose real talents lie in menial labour.
Leonard: Not gonna happen.
Sheldon: Well, if I didn’t think you could handle it, I wouldn’t be asking.
Leonard: If you want help, just hire a grad student.
Penny: Maybe I could do it.
Sheldon: You, really? You can assess the quality of my work? Okay, um, here. I wrote this when I was five years old.
Penny: A proof that algebraic topology can never have a non self-contradictory set of abelion groups. I’m just a blonde monkey to you, aren’t I?
Sheldon: You said it, not me.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Sheldon’s office.
Sheldon: All right, Ms. Jenson. Uh, before we begin, may I offer you a refreshment? Water, coffee, tea, a marijuana cigarette?
Ms Jenson: No, thanks. I’m fine.
Sheldon: Now, are you sure? Everyone’s smoking them. I think they’re the best.
Ms Jenson: I don’t do drugs.
Sheldon: Excellent, yeah. That was a ruse. They’re not the best. Physics is the best. And by the way, coffee was also an unacceptable choice. All right, so I see here you’re from Des Moines, Iowa. Uh, you’re summa cum laude in theoretical physics from Stanford University. Oh, and two years ago, you had a persistent ear infection. I hope that didn’t cause any hearing loss.
Ms Jenson: No, of course not. How did you know about that?
Sheldon: I did a comprehensive background check. Medical records, credit reports, criminal history. (Hiding mouth behind book)  I trust you paid off those parking tickets.
Ms Jenson: Yes, I did.
Sheldon: Hearing unimpaired, good.
Ms Jenson: Look, Dr. Cooper, I really want this position. It would be an incredible honour to work for a man of your brilliance.
Sheldon: Flattery will not get you this job, Ms. Jenson.
Ms Jenson: It’s not flattery if it’s the truth.
Sheldon: Oh, well, thank you. Welcome aboard.
Scene: A University corridor.
Leonard: You talk to Howard lately?
Raj: Uh, yeah, last night. He kept making me drop pencils for him. I got uncomfortable. (Entering Sheldon’s office)  Hey, Sheldon, hope you’re hungry, they’re serving macaroni and… (spots Ms Jenson)  che-ee-ee-ese.
Leonard: Smooth. Hi.
Ms Jenson: Hello.
Leonard: Sheldon, aren’t you going to introduce us?
Sheldon: No. I have people for that now. You’re up.
Ms Jenson: I’m Alex, Dr. Cooper’s new assistant.
Leonard: Ah, congratulations and may God have mercy on your soul. I’m Leonard. This is Raj.
Alex: It’s nice to meet you. I’m so excited to be working with Dr…
Sheldon: Yeah, please reserve chitchat for your breaks, Ms. Jenson. FYI, there will be no breaks.
Alex: I should probably get to work.
Leonard: She seems nice.
Raj: Hey, you already got a girlfriend. I call dibs.
Leonard: All I said was she seems nice.
Raj: Yeah, well, I love her.
Scene: Webcam conversation between Bernadette’s Office and the International Space Station
Bernadette: Hey, I wasn’t expecting to hear from you today. Everything okay?
Howard: Uh, no, not really.
Bernadette: What’s wrong?
Howard: Well, remember the Soyuz capsule they were sending to bring us home?
Bernadette: Uh-huh.
Howard: It’s delayed. We’re gonna be here at least another week. Maybe ten days. It’s the Russians, so you don’t know. They left dogs up here in the sixties.
Bernadette: Come on, Howard. No one’s leaving you up there.
Howard: I don’t know how much longer I can take this. I can’t sleep, and zero gravity is giving me crazy acid reflux. I’m down to my last three Tums.
Bernadette: You’re going to be fine. You survived that Weight Watchers cruise with your mom. And they ran out of low-fat ice cream on day two. Just calm down and take a few deep breaths.
Howard: Okay, okay. What am I doing? I’m using up all the oxygen. If I die, promise you’ll never have sex with another man.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. Amy is applying very red lip gloss.
Amy: Oh, yeah. I’m a man-eater now.
Penny: Okay, for the final touch, this is an eyelash curler. You just place it on your lashes and squeeze it closed.
Amy: Oh, I don’t know. Looks like something used by Tinkerbell’s gynecologist.
Penny: Who I hope for her sake is not Captain Hook, so… who are you calling?
Amy: I’m going to video-chat Sheldon. If my new look leads to phone sex, I’m going to have to ask you to leave the room.
Alex: Dr. Cooper’s office.
Amy: Oh, hello. Who are you?
Alex: I’m Alex, Dr. Cooper’s assistant. Can I help you?
Amy: I’d like to speak to Sheldon.
Alex: I’m sorry. He’s asked me to hold all calls unless you’re Stephen Hawking, his mother or himself from the future.
Amy: All right. Well, tell him Amy called.
Alex: Last name?
Amy: He knows my last name. I’m his girlfriend. We have a contract and everything. I’ll send you a PDF.
Alex: All right, I will tell him you called.
Amy: Hmm, that’s weird.
Penny: What?
Amy: Sheldon told me he had a new assistant named Alex. He didn’t mention that Alex was a girl.
Penny: Maybe he didn’t notice.
Amy: You’re right. I don’t have to worry about Sheldon.
Penny: No, you do not.
Amy: It’s her I have to worry about.
Penny: Oh, Amy, really? She is not going to come on to Sheldon.
Amy: Oh, really? Look at this face (Sheldon’s picture on phone) How can any woman spend eight hours a day alone with this face and not fall in love with it?
Penny: Well, for starters, at some point, that face starts talking.
Scene: University corridor.
Penny: Amy, this is crazy. You have nothing to be suspicious about.
Amy: I’m not suspicious. I just want to stop in, say hi to my boyfriend and meet his new assistant. (Throwing open Sheldon’s office door) Aha!
Penny: Can we go now?
Amy: Hang on. (Rubs Sheldon’s telephone receiver under her armpit)
Penny: What are you doing?
Amy: Isn’t it obvious? I’m spreading my scent to mark my territory.
Penny: Come on, Amy. That is not gonna work.
Amy: Really? Because just before you became my best friend, I did this all over your apartment.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Raj: Has your, uh, assistant said anything about me?
Sheldon: Oh, in fact, she has. Uh, her exact words were, what is that guy’s problem?
Raj: I’m in her head. Let the dance begin.
Alex: Here’s your frozen yoghurt, Dr. Cooper.
Leonard: This should be fun.
Sheldon: Half chocolate, half vanilla, side by side, not swirled?
Alex: Yes.
Sheldon: Half a teaspoon of sprinkles?
Alex: Rainbow, not chocolate.
Sheldon: Two cherries?
Alex: One on top, one on the bottom.
Sheldon: Stems removed?
Alex: Um, top one, yes. I didn’t check the one on the bottom.
Leonard: Oh!
Alex: I’m so sorry, Dr. Cooper.
Sheldon: It’s all right, Alex. I’m not mad at you, I’m just disappointed.
Leonard: Wait, Alex. Do you want to join us?
Alex: Um…
Sheldon: Uh, Alex, a moment. I need a word with Dr. Hofstadter. Do you think it’s appropriate for her to sit with us, given her station?
Leonard: Given her what?
Sheldon: If I’ve learned anything from British television shows on PBS, it’s that servants dine downstairs with their own kind.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: It’s a kindness, Leonard. Otherwise, you’re cruelly tempting them with a glimpse of a world that’s just beyond their soot-stained fingertips.
Leonard: Oh, sure. Please join us.
Alex: Oh, okay. Thank you.
Leonard: So, Alex, what’s the topic of your dissertation?
Alex: I’m looking for Trojan asteroids at Earth’s L-Five Lagrange point.
Leonard: Oh, that happens to be Dr. Koothrappali’s field of expertise. You two have a lot to talk about.
Alex: Is that true? Is he all right?
Leonard: No. But compared to your boss, he’s the poster boy for sanity.
Alex: It’s okay, I’ve been around scientists all my life. My dad’s an astronomer at SETI.
Leonard: Oh, SETI, the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence. You should introduce him to Sheldon. The search is over.
Alex: So, what kind of research are you doing?
Leonard: High-energy lasers.
Alex: Ooh. Military?
Leonard: Not yet, but I can remove unwanted hair from two miles away.
Amy (to Penny, on other side of room): You were right. I had nothing to worry about. That skank’s your problem, not mine.
Alex: You’re very funny, Dr. Hofstadter.
Leonard: Thank you.
Sheldon (choking): Cherry stem! Cherry stem!
Scene: Webcam conversation between Bernadette’s Office and the International Space Station
Bernadette: How you doing, Howie? You feeling a little better?
Howard: Oh, a lot better, thanks. One sec. Listen close, I don’t have a lot of time. I need you to go to my house. In my bedroom, you’ll find a model rocket. I want you to take it and bring it back to your place.
Bernadette: Okay.
Howard: Step two, build a version roughly fourteen stories high. Fill it full of rocket fuel and come get me. I’ll leave the door unlocked.
Bernadette: Howie, honey, maybe you should talk to someone, let them know you’re having a little anxiety.
Howard: No, no, I’m fine. No anxiety. We should probably talk in code. From now on, frog is me, sandwich means you and lemon means rocket. So, come on, sandwich, build me a lemon ’cause froggy wants to come home.
Scene: Penny’s car.
Amy: Look at you, putting on a brave face.
Penny: There’s nothing to be brave about. Everything’s fine.
Amy: Really? I don’t know how much you know about primate behaviour, but Sheldon’s assistant was clearly courting Leonard. Were she a mandrill, she would have bent over and displayed her brightly coloured hindquarters like a big red welcome mat. By the way, you try that at the junior prom, you get kicked out.
Penny: Okay, maybe she was flirting with him, but who cares? Look, I don’t even know where my relationship is with Leonard is right now.
Amy: So says your prefrontal cortex. But meanwhile, the limbic system of your brain is calculating that if another woman is attracted to Leonard, it must be because he’s desirable.
Penny: Well, of course he’s desirable. I mean, he’s great. He’s smart, he’s sweet, and, ooh, in the bedroom, whew, let me tell you, he really tries.
Amy: So it does bother you.
Penny: Fine, it bothers me a little. No. You know what? This is stupid. It doesn’t bother me. Okay, it bothers me. But only because she wouldn’t stop laughing. Leonard is not that funny.
Amy: And there you have it, prefrontal cortex reasoning versus limbic lust. If this were a boxing match, they might call it the thrilla adjacent to the amygdala. If you were a brain scientist, you would be busting a gut right now.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: So, how was work today?
Leonard: Ah, it was all right, I guess. Got to Heimlich a cherry stem out of Sheldon. Caught Raj right in the eye.
Penny: Oh! You’re kidding.
Leonard: No, Raj had to go to the nurse.
Penny: Wow. Anything else?
Leonard: Mmm, the nurse is a woman, so he couldn’t talk to her. She had to bring him a Grover puppet so he could point at what hurt.
Penny: Oh, is that it?
Leonard: Isn’t that enough? It had the weaponised fruit and a puppet. What more do you want?
Sheldon (arriving with Alex): Oh, good, Leonard, you’re here. Science news. This will interest you. And, Penny, feel free to paint your nails.
Leonard: What do you got?
Sheldon: I believe Alex may have unearthed the grade school science project that could be my ticket to the Nobel Prize. Behold.
Leonard: Magnets: What Do They Stick To? If the answer is metal, it’s not exactly groundbreaking.
Sheldon: The original title was “A Rederivation of Maxwell’s Equations Regarding Electromagnetism”” I dumbed it down because some of the more religious people in town were starting to say I was a witch.
Alex: Sheldon thinks the approach in this paper might change the way we calculate ferromagnetic hysteresis.
Penny: Oh, it’s about time. I hated the old way. Hi. I’m Penny.
Alex: Alex. Uh, do you work with Dr. Hofstadter?
Penny: In a way. We’ve kind of been involved in a five-year experiment.
Alex: Oh. Well, you’re lucky. He seems very talented. And I’m sure a lot of people want to work with him.
Penny: Well, a lot of people can’t. Uh, hey.
Leonard: Where are we going?
Penny: My limbic system wants to take your pants off.
Alex: She seems nice.
Sheldon: Notice people on your own time. We’re working.
Scene: Webcam conversation between Bernadette’s Office and the International Space Station
Bernadette: Hey, Howie, how you feeling?
Howard: Better. Much better. The other astronauts held me down, gave me a shot. Oooh. Attention, people of Earth. Tonight, there will be two moons in the sky.
Bernadette: Howie, stop that. NASA’s watching this! Put your pants back on!
Howard: Whee! Whee!
 								
			
				Scene: The Apartment.
Raj: Howard’s capsule should be re-entering the atmosphere any minute.
Leonard: It’ll be good to have him back.
Raj: The Fantastic Four reunited.
Sheldon: Yeah, you had a good run, Fake Wolowitz. We’ll remember you with nostalgic fondness, the way we do the dial-up modem, the VHS tape, or, or Leonard’s gym membership.
Raj: We’re not kicking him out. Stuart and I have become good friends.
Sheldon: Okay, one vote for, one vote against. Leonard, you’re the tiebreaker.
Leonard: I don’t have a problem with Stuart. Besides, he gives us a twenty percent discount at his comic book store.
Sheldon: Well, I don’t sell my friendship that cheaply.
Stuart: I can go thirty.
Sheldon: Welcome aboard, old chum.
Raj: Okay, the NASA Web site says Howard’s final descent has begun.
Sheldon: He left a boy, he returns a boy-sized hero.
Scene: The Soyuz Capsule. Howard is screaming.
Dimitri: Loops, calm down!
Howard (singing): Baruch atah, Adonai, Eloheinu. Melech haolam, hamotzi. Lechem min haaretz
Mike: What’s that?
Howard: The Jewish prayer for eating bread! We don’t have one for falling out of space! We did it! We’re on the ground! We survived!
Mike: That was just the parachute. We still have another six miles to go. (Howard screams again)
Credits sequence.
Scene: The Airport Arrivals Hall.
Bernadette: Waiting for my husband.
Man in Suit: That’s nice.
Bernadette: He’s coming back from outer space.
Man in Suit: I think this flight’s coming from Houston.
Bernadette: No, I mean, he… Never mind. There he is! Howie!
Various others (all at once): Howie! Howie!
Howard: Whoa, thank you. Great to be back on Earth.
Howie Mandel: Uh, I think they’re here for me, Ringo.
Man in Suit: Mr. Mandel, I’m your driver.
Howie Mandel: Oh, thanks. That nut job was telling everybody on the plane he’s an astronaut.
Bernadette: I missed you so much.
Howard: I missed you, too. Where are the guys?
Bernadette: Oh, it’s just me.
Howard: Oh, I get it. They’re waiting back home with a big surprise party. Don’t worry, I can act surprised. (Does)
Bernadette: No, I told them they could have you tomorrow night. Tonight, you belong to me. (Sneezes) 
Howard: Gesundheit. You okay?
Bernadette: I am now that you’re back. Come on, let’s go home so I can tear off those little pants.
Howard: Great. Just keep in mind astronauts lose a lot of muscle tone in space, so you might have to do most of the heavy lifting.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: You know, I am very disappointed that I won’t be able to celebrate Howard’s accomplishment tonight.
Amy: Me, too. But we’ll see him tomorrow.
Sheldon: Yes, it’s just that in all the years I’ve known him, he’s never had the opportunity to receive my admiration. I was excited to see the look on his face when it finally happened.
Penny: You’re unbelievable.
Sheldon: I know.
Leonard: All right, Pictionary. What are the teams?
Penny: How about boys versus girls?
Sheldon: Oh, that hardly seems fair. But I guess any team that I’m not on has a decided disadvantage.
Penny: Once again, unbelievable.
Sheldon: Yeah, once again, I know.
Penny: All right, round one. Here.
Sheldon: Got it.
Penny: Okay. Ready, set, go.
Amy: Uh, box? Uh, window?
Leonard: Batman. Batman and Robin. Uh, Wonder Twins plus the monkey. Wonder Twins plus the monkey and Batman.
Amy: Uh, gift? Uh, Present!
Penny: Present! Yeah!
Sheldon: Oh, Leonard. Now, how can you not get that?
Leonard: In what universe is that a present?
Sheldon: It’s not a present, it’s the present. Look. There’s you and me. There’s Penny and Amy. We’re playing Pictionary. In the present.
Penny: Oh, my God, we’re gonna kill them.
Later
Sheldon: It’s a quark-gluon plasma.
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: It’s asymptotically free partons inside a quark-gluon plasma.
Leonard: Nothing with quarks.
Sheldon: It’s an observational rebuttal of the Lambda-CDM model of the universe.
Leonard: No.
Penny: It’s a chocolate chip cookie.
Amy: Yes.
Leonard: How could you miss that?
Sheldon: Hey, if you want someone to guess chocolate chip cookie, you draw a glass of milk next to it.
Leonard: Penny got it.
Sheldon: Yeah, only after I eliminated all the obvious answers. You’re welcome.
Later
Leonard: Oh, uh, uh, uh, sausage. Uh, uh, uh, uh, bratwurst? Oh, oh, a hot dog.
Amy: Penny, aren’t you gonna draw something?
Penny: Relax, we got time, this is so fun.
Sheldon: There.
Leonard: A solar system. Uh, uh, uh, uh, um, unidentified flying liverwurst? I don’t…
Amy: Now?
Penny: Soon.
Sheldon: Come on, Leonard, I am spoon-feeding this to you.
Leonard: I don’t know, uh, Casper the alcoholic ghost?
Penny: All right, that’s enough. (Draws)
Amy: Uh, hand. Uh, nail, polish?
Penny: Yep!
Sheldon: Wait, no, no. No. The word is Polish. See, look. Polish sausage. And the, the model of the solar system developed by Nicolaus Copernicus, a Polish astronomer. And then, finally, if that wasn’t enough, which it should have been, this is Madame Curie killing herself by discovering radium, who, although she was a naturalized French citizen, was Polish by birth.
Penny: Excuse me, the word is polish. See? Small P.
Sheldon: Ah. So it is. I guess we both share blame on this one.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s Bedroom.
Howard: Bernie, you okay?
Bernadette (off): Yeah, I’ll be right there. (Hacking and coughing noises)
Howard: Did you get a sea lion while I was gone?
Bernadette: It’s just allergies.
Howard: Okay.
Bernadette: Took some Benadryl. I’ll be fine. So, did you miss me?
Howard: Oh. Are you kidding? Every minute of every…
Bernadette (has a coughing fit): Ew. Excuse me.
Howard: Sweetie, we don’t have to do this now.
Bernadette: Yes, we do. You left right after we got married. This is like our honeymoon. Now, hold on to your hat. Oh. Uh-oh.
Howard: You okay?
Bernadette: A little dizzy. Must be the Benadryl. Switch places with me.
Howard: Okay.
Bernadette: Now, kiss me. (He does. She starts snoring)
Howard: Bernadette? Bernie? Bernie?
Bernadette (waking suddenly): That was amazing. You made me feel things I never… (starts snoring again)
Howard: Well, that was quick, and a little gross. Now, I know how she feels.
Scene: The apartment. 
Penny: Hey, Sheldon, you’re always full of fun little facts. Where did the expression got your ass handed to you come from?
Sheldon: Don’t know.
Penny: I wonder if it’s from, like, ancient Rome where they’d actually chop somebody’s ass off and then go, here. You know, to appease Loseroneous, the god of losers.
Sheldon: I am not a loser. Pictionary is not a true test of any real intelligence or skill.
Leonard: Mmm, in all fairness, Pictionary has verbal skills, visual skills. It’s a pretty well-rounded game.
Sheldon: Lot of big talk from a man who can’t draw a chocolate chip cookie.
Penny: All right, fine, pick another game. Amy and I will beat you at anything.
Sheldon: All right. Let’s play Physics Fiesta.
Penny: Oh, come on, what is that?
Sheldon: It’s a game that I just invented, in which the participants answer physics questions in remedial Spanish. Um, ¿Dónde está el boson de Higgs?
Leonard: En el acelerador de particulares.
Sheldon: Bueno, mi amigo.
Penny: No, no, we’re not playing some dumb made-up game.
Sheldon: All games are made up. They’re not found in nature. You don’t just dig in the ground, come across a rich vein of Rock’em Sock’em Robots.
Leonard: Just pick another game.
Amy: Why don’t we do something athletic like go over to the university pool and play water polo?
Leonard: No good, Sheldon doesn’t float.
Sheldon: That is true. I have a higher than normal body density. If I run too deep a bath, I drown.
Amy: All right, let’s keep it simple. How about darts?
Sheldon: No, that’s not fair either.
Penny: Why not?
Sheldon: Darts is a bar game. You’ve been frequenting drinking establishments since you were of legal age.
Leonard: Yeah, that’s when it started.
Sheldon: Well, regardless, she has a distinct advantage in all tavern-based competitions. Pool, beer pong, wet T-shirt contests, they’re all out.
Penny: Okay. Just for the record, I have never entered a wet T-shirt contest. I’ve won a few, but that’s just because I spill when I’m drunk, so…
Amy: We could go to the cadaver lab at UCLA and play real-life Operation.
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: Uh-uh.
Penny: I don’t think so.
Amy: Are you sure? I mean, the nose doesn’t light up, but if the corpse is fresh enough, sometimes you can get the leg to jerk.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s House.
Howard: Hey, Ma, twinkle, twinkle, your little star is home. Ma, the chain’s on the door.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard? I thought I wasn’t going to see you till tomorrow.
Howard: Yeah, well, Bernie’s not feeling well, so I thought I’d stop by, tell you about the greatest adventure of my life, see if you can make me feel bad about it.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Uh, uh, okay, hold on, I’m not decent.
Howard: All right. Woman hasn’t tied her robe in 20 years. Suddenly she’s not decent?
Man’s Voice (off): You want me to hide in the closet or go out the back?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Shh, you need to whisper.
Howard: Ma, who is in there?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Uh, nobody. The TV is on.
Man’s Voice (off): I only got one sock. Where’s my other sock?
Howard: Who is that?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): I told you, it’s the TV. Jay Leno lost a sock, it’s hilarious.
Howard: If you’re busy, I can come back.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Just give me a second. Go, go, go, go.
Howard (to man climbing out window): Dr. Schneider?
Dr Schneider: Oh, hello, Howard.
Howard: What are you doing here?
Dr Schneider: Um, house call.
Howard: You’re a dentist.
Dr Schneider: Yes, yes, I am. I think he’s on to us.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Okay, glasses off. Find Waldo.
Sheldon: Hurry up, find him, find him.
Leonard: I’m trying. Don’t yell at me.
Sheldon: For goodness’ sake, he’s wearing a hat, glasses, and a red striped shirt.
Leonard: I know what he looks like.
Amy: Oh, there he is, I got him.
Penny: Yes, we win again.
Sheldon: How could you not find him?
Leonard: Because he’s hard to find. If he was easy to find, the books would be called There’s Waldo.
Later. Penny and Sheldon have their foreheads on light sabres and are spinning.
Leonard: 57, 58, 59, that’s one minute.
Amy: Long division, long division. Go, go, go.
Leonard: Remember, show your work.
Sheldon: I’m okay. I’m okay. I’m not okay.
Leonard: Get up, we can’t lose at math.
Penny: 37.
Amy: Yes.
Later 
Amy: Ready, set, wrestle. (Penny pins Sheldon straight away) One, two, three, pin.
Penny: Mwah!
Sheldon: Stop that.
Penny: Mwah!
Sheldon: Amy, do something. Amy, help. Amy, stop that. Amy, Penny, both of you, stop it.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Howard: One to beam aboard?
Raj: Oh, my God, you’re back. Oh, look at you. You, you look like you grew.
Howard: Yeah. The lack of gravity did decompress my spine, so I’m like an inch and a half taller. I’m going to the DMV tomorrow to get my license changed before I shrink back.
Raj: Oh, uh, come in, come in. Oh, I, uh, I didn’t think I was going to get to see you until tomorrow.
Howard: Yeah, well, Bernadette’s a little under the weather and my mom’s kind of under my dentist.
Raj: Wait, your, your mother is sleeping with your dentist?
Howard: Former dentist. I need a new one now that I know where his hands have been.
Raj: So you’re wandering all around by yourself? That’s not the kind of hero’s welcome an astronaut should come home to.
Howard: It’s okay, you know, we space cowboys don’t do what we do for glory and fame. We leave that to your rock stars and your athletes and your Howie Mandels.
Stuart: Oh, hey, man, welcome back.
Howard: Oh, Stuart, thanks. What are you doing here?
Stuart: I, I kind of live here now.
Raj: Just until he gets back on his feet, which are looking pretty good in the boots I bought him for his birthday.
Stuart: Ah, he’s spoiling me and I love it.
Howard: Wow, so you guys are like buds now?
Raj: Oh, yeah, we hang out all the time.
Stuart: Plus, he doesn’t have a girlfriend, I don’t have a girlfriend.
Raj: It’s like we both had these holes in our lives, but now we fill each other’s holes.
Stuart: Uh, that sounds a little funny to an American ear.
Raj: Which part?
Stuart: Just all of it.
Howard: Okay, so what do you guys got going on tonight?
Stuart: Raj is taking me to the Sound of Music sing-along.
Howard: Sound of Music sing-along? That used to be our thing, but that’s cool.
Raj: Oh, Howard, it’s still our thing. Come with us, we’ll, we’ll get you a scalped ticket.
Howard: So I’d be sitting by myself?
Raj: We’ll switch. You’ll come sit with me after intermission.
Stuart: So I, I, I’d be sitting by myself during Edelweiss?
Howard: No, no, you guys go. Have fun.
Raj: Okay, uh, will I get to see you tomorrow?
Howard: Absolutely. See you, Stuart.
Stuart: Yeah, yeah. Is he taller?
Howard: At least my mother made her boyfriend climb out the window.
Scene: The apartment. 
Penny: All right, standard state fair pie-eating contest rules are, no hands, first one to clean the pan wins.
Amy: On the count of three. One, two…
Sheldon: Wait. I’m a little concerned. Blueberries are rich in antioxidants.
Leonard: So?
Sheldon: So, with all those antioxidants, what if I run out of oxidants?
Leonard: Sheldon, we haven’t won a game all night. Now, you either stick your face in that pie or I’m gonna stick that pie in your face.
Sheldon: That’s rude.
Amy: One, two, three, eat.
Howard: Hey, guys, guess who’s back from space.
All: Not now!
Sheldon: Oh, ow, blueberry in my nose, blueberry in my nose!
Leonard: Snort it down and keep eating!
Scene: A diner.
Waitress: You look familiar.
Howard: I don’t think so.
Waitress: Yeah, I just saw you on the news. You’re an astronaut.
Howard: Yes. Yes, I am.
Waitress: Good for you. How about a piece of cheesecake on the house?
Howard: Oh, thank you so much. I’ve been having the worst night. I just got back, and my friends don’t care, my wife’s sick, I went to my mom…
Waitress: You want the cheesecake or not?
Howard: Yes, please. (Sings) And I think it’s gonna be long, long time till touchdown brings me ’round again to find I’m not the man they think I am at home, oh, no, oh, no, I’m a rocket man. (Sneezes) Perfect.
 								
			
				Scene: The Comic Book Store
Howard: Oh, hey, Stuart, I got you a little souvenir from my trip to space.
Stuart: Well, Howard, that’s very nice of you.
Leonard: Yeah, maybe. Open it first.
Howard: It’s my official NASA portrait.
Stuart: To Stuart, your comic book store is out of this world. Just like the guy in this picture was.”
Sheldon: For the record, he also thinks the Walgreens and the dry cleaners are out of this world.
Howard: That’s not true. At the Walgreens I was over the moon for their store-brand antacids.
Raj: Hey, Stuart, I see you’re getting ready for your Halloween party.
Stuart: Yeah, it’s my annual attempt to meet women. Ninth time’s the charm.
Raj: Would you like me to help? I do have a certain je ne sais quois when it comes to soirees.
Stuart: Thanks, but I can’t afford je ne sais quois. How much for just quois?
Raj: You know, you don’t worry about money. I’ll take care of everything.
Stuart: Really?
Raj: Yeah, you’ll love it. Ain’t no party like a Koothra-party.
Howard: But you know what wasn’t a party? That hotel in Kazakhstan they put you up in before the launch. I mean, it’s your last night on Earth. You’d think you’d get one porn channel.
Leonard: Have you noticed that Howard can take any topic and use it to remind you that he went to space?
Sheldon: Interesting hypothesis. Let’s apply the scientific method, perform an experiment.
Leonard: Okay. Hey, Howard, any thoughts on where we should get dinner?
Howard: Anywhere but the Space Station. On a good day, dinner was a bag full of meat loaf. But, hey, you don’t go there for the food, you go there for the view.
Sheldon: It’s fascinating. Let me see if I can duplicate the result. Howard, I’ve always thought the lemon was an underrated fruit. Care to weigh in?
Howard: Not really.
Sheldon: Oh, well.
Howard: You know, people say the Soyuz capsule was a lemon. But, hey, that baby got me to space and back.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory Bar
Amy: Ladies night at the Cheesecake Factory. Does it get any better than this?
Penny: I hope so.
Amy: Question. Do you think your husband’s fondness for turtlenecks is an expression of longing for his missing foreskin?
Penny: It’s not getting any better. (Text tone) Ugh. It’s Leonard. He wants to go costume shopping later.
Bernadette: I thought you liked Halloween.
Penny: I do, it’s just he wants to go to that party at the comic book store. A lot of the guys that hang out there are kind of creepy.
Bernadette: Like my husband?
Amy: And my boyfriend?
Penny: I’m, I’m sorry, Amy. You were saying something about Howard’s foreskin?
Bernadette: Nice try, but you have to go to that party because we’re going.
Penny: Yeah, I’m gonna go. It’s just not my idea of a good time.
Bernadette: Leonard does thing he doesn’t like to make you happy.
Penny: Well, yeah, he’s my boyfriend. Isn’t that, like, his job?
Amy: Then what’s your job?
Penny: Letting him make me happy.
Bernadette: I just think in relationships you get back what you put into them.
Amy: That’s not always true. Last night I gave Sheldon my best come-hither look, and he responded by explaining how wheat came to be cultivated.
Penny: I guess I could probably try a little harder.
Bernadette: You could start by taking an interest in his work.
Penny: Yeah, that’s kind of a problem.
Amy: Why?
Penny: Not really clear on what he does.
Bernadette: He’s an experimental physicist.
Penny: Yeah, I’m not really clear on what that means.
Amy: He takes hypotheses and designs protocols to determine their accuracy.
Penny: Yeah, you’re really just making it worse.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: What kind of tea would you like?
Amy: I think I’m gonna try green tea mixed with lemon zinger.
Sheldon: Two tea bags in one cup? You’re not at a rave.
Amy: So, listen, Sheldon, I was thinking, since this is gonna be our first Halloween party as boyfriend and girlfriend, I thought it might be fun for us to go in a couples costume.
Sheldon: I couldn’t agree more.
Amy: Really? I find that inconsistent with everything I know about you.
Sheldon: Oh, oh, on the contrary. Couples costumes are one of the few benefits of being in a relationship. Now imagine this, you and I entering Stuart’s party and all eyes turn to see America’s most beloved and glamorous couple.
Amy: Yeah?
Sheldon: R2-D2 and C-3PO. Dibs on Threepio.
Amy: Sheldon, when I said couples costume, I meant like Romeo and Juliet or Cinderella and Prince Charming, not two robots from some silly movie I don’t even like.
Sheldon: Okay, I’m gonna let that slide because I know you’re hopped up on tea bags.
Amy: I make compromises for you all the time. Just this once, can’t we find something that we’re both happy with?
Sheldon: Fine. How about one of the most beguiling and influential couples of the 20th century? Hewlett and Packard. Dibs on Hewlett. What? You want to be Hewlett?
Scene: Leonard’s laboratory.
Penny: Anybody home?
Leonard: Hey, what are you doing here?
Penny: I just thought I’d stop by and say hello.
Leonard: Oh, what a nice surprise. I don’t think you’ve ever seen my lab before.
Penny: No, I know. It’s long overdue. So, what ya doing? Better not be building a robot girlfriend.
Leonard: No. Although Howard was making some real strides in that area until he met Bernadette.
Penny: You’re kidding.
Leonard: Nope. Now the Lisatronic 3000 just sits in a box waiting for the phone to ring.
Penny: Ooh! What’s going on in here?
Leonard: Oh, no, no, no, don’t look in there.
Penny: What, is it secret?
Leonard: No, it’s a nitrogen laser. It’ll cook your eyeball like a soft-boiled egg.
Penny: Oh. You might want to put a sign on it.
Leonard: Sign right there.
Penny: Ah. Danger. Sure, sure. Yeah. What’s, what’s that?
Leonard: Uh, that is an integrated ion trap and time-of-flight mass spectrometer.
Penny: Wow. High-techie-techie. What’s this little box?
Leonard: That is a pencil sharpener.
Penny: Ooh, low-techie-techie. So, what are you working on right now?
Leonard: It’s actually pretty neat.
Penny: Yeah?
Leonard: Yeah. It’s a front-projected holographic display combined with laser-based finger tracking. Here, I’ll show you. We’ll just put this pencil over here.
Penny: Sharp. Thanks to the machine we saw earlier.
Leonard: Very good. And then a laser will map the reflective surface, and voila. (A floating 3D image of the pencil appears. Leonard moves it around with his finger)
Penny: Wow. That is amazing.
Leonard: You know, there’s a foundational idea in string theory that the whole universe may be a hologram.
Penny: What do you mean? (Leonard flicks a switch. The hologram changes to a view of the planet Earth). Oh! Wow!
Leonard: Uh-huh. Well, the holographic principle suggests that what we all experience every day in three dimensions may really (changes view to solar system) just be information (changes view to the galaxy) on a surface located at the farthest reaches of our cosmos. (Starts the galaxy spinning) So it’s possible that our lives are really just acting out a painting on the largest canvas in the universe.
Penny: Hmm.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Sometimes I forget how smart you are.
Leonard: You should visit more often. What are you doing?
Penny: Take off your clothes.
Leonard: What? Here? Now?
Penny: Yeah. You got a problem with that?
Leonard: No, no. It’s kind of crazy. I’ve never fooled around in the lab before.
Penny: Really? Never?
Leonard: No. I did have a shot with the Lisatronic, but the extension cord wasn’t long enough.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Raj: Before I forget, I’d like your opinion on the menus I’ve prepared for the Halloween party. The theme is food that goes bump in the night.
Howard: Creature from the Black Forest Ham Lagoon.
Raj: On Sesame seed Bunzillas.
Sheldon: Night of the Living Garlic Bread?
Raj: It’s funny because bread sounds like dead.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, but these are just ordinary foods with the names bent into tortured puns. The dishes themselves are in no way Halloweenie.
Raj: Ooh, Hallow-weenies! That’s a good one. They’ll pair nicely with my Draculoni and Cheese. How do I do it?
Howard: That reminds me, I was thinking about wearing my NASA jumpsuit as a costume. But then I realized everyone would be, like, where’s your costume? Why are you wearing your work clothes, you nut?
Leonard: Hello, boys.
Sheldon: What are you smiling at?
Leonard: Nothing.
Howard: You know where’s there’s a lot of nothing.
All: Space.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s bedroom.
Howard: Boy, it’s nice to sleep in a bed with gravity again. Did I tell you about the night my retainer floated out of my mouth and into the air lock?
Bernadette: Yeah, you mentioned it once or twice.
Howard: So, here we are, just a couple of young newlyweds. What to do? What to do to you? Astronaut Wolowitz, reporting for booty. Preparing thrusters. We have liftoff. Are we clear to jettison that nightgown?
Bernadette: Okay, we need to talk.
Howard: What?
Bernadette: Howie, I know you went to space. I’m incredibly proud of you. But you might want to try and not bring it up every minute.
Howard: I don’t talk about it every minute.
Bernadette: Tonight at dinner you went on bout it for an hour straight.
Howard: What was I supposed to talk about? We were eating at Johnny Rockets.
Bernadette: I’m just saying, people are getting a little tired of it.
Howard: So, I did this amazing thing and I’m never allowed to mention it?
Bernadette: Of course you can. But maybe a good rule would be to wait for people to bring it up.
Howard: Okay, no problem. It won’t happen again.
Bernadette: I love you.
Howard: I love you, too. I can’t tell you how many times I dreamed I was in bed here with you when I was… you know. What, I can’t even point?
Scene: Leonard’s lab.
Leonard: So, basically, this is what’s called mag-lev technology. It uses very powerful electromagnets to create a force strong enough to overcome gravity. Here, you hold this.
Penny: Whoa! That’s heavy.
Leonard: Yeah. Oh, uh, you don’t have on any jewellery, do you?
Penny: No. Why?
Leonard: A grad student forgot to take out one of his piercings. Now he’s on a transplant list waiting for a nipple his size. Now watch this.
Penny: Whoa! That is very cool.
Leonard: Sometimes I like to turn this on and pretend I’m the super villain Magneto.
Penny: Getting a little less cool, Leonard.
Leonard: But what I really am is a very smart scientist who understands the mechanics of the universe and is wearing the sexy black underwear you bought him.
Penny: There we go.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Raj: So, I thought the photo booth for the party could either be creepy like a mummy’s tomb, or they also have the Tardis from Doctor Who.
Sheldon: A Tardis makes no sense. It’s a time machine from a science-fiction show. It has nothing to do with Halloween. That being said, if you don’t get a Tardis, you stink and your party stinks.
Raj: Do you have a preference?
Howard: I don’t care. Get the Tardis.
Sheldon: Yes! This party just became a major rager.
Raj: Oh, by the way, can I borrow your bullwhip and fedora?
Howard: Yeah, sure, whatever.
Raj: I was thinking of dressing up as Indiana Jones’ mocha-skinned love child. Indian Jones.
Howard: Clever.
Raj: What’s wrong with you?
Howard: Nothing.
Raj: Oh, Howard, I’ve got a party to plan. Don’t make me pull it out of you.
Howard: Okay, here it is. Bernadette said you guys are all sick of me talking about my trip to space. Is that true?
Sheldon: Yes.
Raj: No.
Sheldon: We seem to have different approaches here. I was going for helpful honesty. I have no idea what you’re doing.
Raj: It’s called being nice.
Sheldon: Okay. If you think being nice will get him to shut up, I’ll try it.
Howard: You know what, guys? Never mind. I just won’t talk about the greatest achievement of my life ever again.
Sheldon: Look at that, the problem solved itself.
Leonard: Hello, boys.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: What if we were to go as dinner table favourites salt and pepper?
Amy: You know salt makes me retain water and my cousin William was ground to death in a pepper factory accident. How about Raggedy Ann and Andy? I loved them growing up.
Sheldon: No, I don’t think so. Those dolls represent three things I do not care for, clowns, children and raggediness. I think it’s a lost cause.
Amy: No. There are certain things that say to the world, I have a boyfriend, and he’s not made up. Matching costumes, hickeys and sex tapes. Pick one.
Sheldon: What’s a hickey?
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s bedroom. Howard and Bernadette are dressed as smurfs.
Bernadette: How do I look?
Howard: Fine.
Bernadette: Uh-oh, is someone a little blue? Come on, Howie, that’s like the funniest thing I’ve ever said in my life. What do you say? You ready to go?
Howard: To tell you the truth, I’m not really in the mood.
Bernadette: What are you talking about? It’ll be fun. All your friends’ll be there.
Howard: Yeah, some friends. They all think I’m boring. Maybe you should go without me.
Bernadette: No, if I’m there alone, people might think I’m just a really short person from Avatar.
Howard: I’m sorry. I just don’t want to go.
Bernadette: Hey, I just spent the last three hours colouring myself blue. I’m gonna be washing paint out of my Smurf for a month.
Howard: Fine. Two weeks ago I was an astronaut.
Bernadette: Yeah, well, now you’re a Smurf. Keep walking.
Scene: The comic book store.
Penny: Oh, my God, you guys look adorable.
Bernadette: Thanks, so do you. Slutty cop?
Penny: No, sexy cop. Slutty cop only came with a skirt and two badges.
Bernadette: And Albert Einstein?
Leonard: Ja, und later she’s going to arrest me for goink fashter zen da shpeed of light.
Penny: I thought we said in the car, no accents?
Leonard: Sorry, Officer.
Girl dressed as a Witch: Hello. It’s a great party.
Stuart: Thank you.
Witch: The monster foods, they’re really fun.
Stuart: Oh, yes, thank you. I like to think of fun things like that because I’m fun. I’m not clinically depressed at all.
Amy: Sheldon, get in here.
Sheldon: I should’ve picked hickey.
Stuart: Hey, hey, look at you guys!
Amy: I’m Raggedy Ann, and he’s Raggedy C-3PO.
Sheldon: It was a compromise. I lost.
Raj: Can you believe Stuart’s walking around taking credit for this party?
Howard: Who cares?
Raj: What do you mean who cares? Look at what I pulled off here. The DJ’s on fire, there’s a Tardis photo booth in the back room, and, oh, my God, the food. Stuart wanted Kraft Draculoni and cheese.
Howard: You’re right, the party’s fantastic. Please, tell me more. I haven’t heard enough about it all week because hearing about that never gets old.
Raj: Is this about the space thing again?
Howard: Well, I’m not allowed to talk about it, but since you brought it up, I went to space! Space, space! Space! Space, space! Space!
Bernadette: Whoa, Drinky Smurf. Can I talk to you for a second?
Howard: Great, now I’m in trouble. You happy?
Bernadette: You, out! You are being very rude.
Howard: No, I’m not. They’re all being rude. And you’re being rude.
Bernadette: Me? What did I do?
Howard (in a squeaky voice): Oh, Howie, stop talking about space so much. Nobody likes it.
Bernadette (in a gruff voice): I don’t sound like that.
Howard: You’re my wife. You’re supposed to be on my side.
Bernadette: I’m always on your side.
Howard: Then why are you trying to take this away from me? Being an astronaut is the coolest thing I’m ever gonna do. If I stop talking about it, then I’m just…
Bernadette: Just what?
Howard: Just plain old Howard Wolowitz again.
Bernadette: Plain old Howard Wolowitz is the best guy I know.
Howard: You’re just saying that.
Bernadette: No, I’m not. I married him. On purpose. Come here.
Howard: I love you.
Bernadette: I love you, too.
Penny (emerging from Tardis): Nothing to see here. Just sexy police business.
Leonard: Just explaining the theory of relativity. Twice.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s bedroom.
Bernadette: Hey, what you watching?
Howard: I don’t know. Raj sent me some video of Buzz Aldrin.
Buzz (on video, handing Halloween candy to children): Here you go. It’s a Milky Way. The Milky Way’s a galaxy in space. I’ve been in space. Here’s a Mars bar. I’m an astronaut. And this one’s a Moon Pie. I walked on the Moon. What have you done?
Howard: Okay, I get it.
 								
			
				Scene: A dance video game where the characters are imperial stormtroopers from Star Wars and Bobba Fett. Opens onto the apartment where Howard and Raj are dancing to the game.
Raj: Try to keep up, Howard, I’m killing it.
Howard: Yeah, I wish we looked as cool dancing in clubs as we do right now.
Leonard: Don’t worry, this is exactly how you look when you’re dancing in clubs.
Raj: You’re welcome, ladies.
Sheldon: Paradigm-shifting news, gentlemen. (Switches game off)
Raj: Dude! I was about to Bollywood this bitch.
Sheldon: Earlier today, I invited Professor Stephen Hawking to join me in the popular online game Words with Friends. Moments ago, he accepted my request. Do you understand what that means?
Howard: That somewhere right now Stephen Hawking is saying, damn it, I meant to click no.”
Sheldon: I’ll walk you through it. The game is not called Words with Strangers. No, it’s not even called Words with Acquaintances. It is called Words with…
Raj: I’m not finishing your sentence. You pulled the plug on my funk.
Sheldon: Friends! It’s Words with Friends! Which Stephen Hawking and I officially are. Now all I need is a bunk bed with a slide, I’ll have everything I’ve ever wanted since I was six years old.
Leonard: That’s really nice, Sheldon, I’m happy for you.
Sheldon: And I’m happy for you, too. You are now friends with someone who is officially friends with Stephen Hawking. Enjoy it, boys. You may have peaked.
Howard: Sheldon, I know Stephen Hawking. I worked with him.
Sheldon: And if they ever come out with a game called Words with People You Once Worked With, you’ll be off to the races.
Leonard: Sheldon, I don’t think this actually means…
Sheldon: Hold that thought! Professor Hawking has made a move. Boy, oh, boy. Oh, it’s only a matter of time before we’re coming up with fun nicknames for each other. I’ll be Coop. He’ll be Wheels. If he’s okay with that. (Leaves)
Raj (putting game back on and removing shirt): All right. Crank up the AC, boys, it’s gonna get hot in here!
Credits sequence.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Bernadette: So, I was taking a shower this morning, and when I got out, I started to dry off with what I thought was a towel but turned out to be Howard’s mom’s underwear. I had to take another shower. It wasn’t enough. Nothing will ever be enough.
Amy: I once looked in Sheldon’s underwear drawer. He yelled at me. But now I know what it looks like and he can never take that away.
Bernadette: There’s a book under here.
Penny: Oh, I’ll get that.
Bernadette: I got it.
Penny: No, no, it’s…
Bernadette: I got it. Why do you have a history textbook?
Penny: No, it’s not a big deal. Just taking a class at the Pasadena Community College.
Bernadette: That’s great. I didn’t know you wanted to go back to school.
Penny: It’s just one history class. Look, I didn’t finish college, so I thought I would give it a try.
Amy: Not to mention, your acting career is going south like Sherman. Read about it in your book.
Bernadette: Why would you be embarrassed to tell us?
Penny: No, I’m not embarrassed. I just didn’t want anyone to know because I haven’t told Leonard yet.
Amy: Why wouldn’t you tell Leonard?
Penny: Because it’s me going back to school, and he’s gonna be all “you can do it,” and “how can I help?” and “I’m so proud of you.” Ugh!
Bernadette: I just can’t believe you could keep something like that from him.
Amy: You guys have got to be the weirdest couple I know.
Penny: Really? You can’t think of anyone weirder?
Amy: I can, but she’s sitting right there.
Scene: Amy’s laboratory.
Sheldon: Yes. I play the word quiver with a triple letter and a double word score for 72 points. That ought to let the air out of your tyres, Hawking.
Amy: Wow, my boyfriend is friends with Stephen Hawking and my new dandruff shampoo doesn’t smell like tar. Everything really is coming up Amy.
Sheldon: It is glorious. One of the greatest intellects of our time has agreed to engage with me in a gentlemanly battle of wits. And I’m spanking him so hard his grad students won’t be able to sit down.
Amy: You know, when one male dominates another, his testosterone level rises.
Sheldon: What’s your point?
Amy: It’s exciting to think you might be getting a testosterone level.
Sheldon: Ooh, my friend Stephen just played the word act for 18 points. That’s right, I call him Stephen now, because I checked, and he was not okay with Wheels.
Amy: Oh, you could turn his act into extract (pronounced with emphasis on act), and it would be for double points.
Sheldon: Amy. Why would you give me a word? Now, if I play extract it would be cheating.
Amy: Sorry.
Sheldon: Although, I could play the completely unrelated and better word extract (pronounced with emphasis on ex). Ethical conundrum avoided. Thanks, brain.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Spaghetti okay?
Leonard: It’s crunchy. Just the way I like it.
Penny: Yeah, I don’t think the water was really boiling.
Leonard: It’s great. I love it.
Penny: Okay, listen, there’s something I need to tell you. I’ve been thinking about going back to school for a while now. So a couple months ago, I started taking a history class at the community college.
Leonard: Oh. That’s great. Great, great, great. Why wait so long to tell me?
Penny: I don’t want you to make a big deal out of it.
Leonard: Why do you think I’d be like that? I get it, you’re taking one class. It’s nice. Maybe if it goes well, you take another, you enrol full-time. Ooh, be sure to keep an eye on which credits transfer to a four-year college.
Penny: You’re making it a big deal.
Leonard: Sorry. Whatever. It’s all good.
Penny: Anyway, that’s it. I just thought you should know.
Leonard: Am I allowed to ask how the class is going?
Penny: It’s really good. We’ve been talking about the origins of slavery. Turn in my first paper tomorrow.
Leonard: Great topic. I can help with that. There are lots of different perspectives you can take, economic, sociological, political.
Penny: Hey hey hey, this is my paper. And my perspective is that slavery is bad. Oh, and my professor’s black, so I’m pretty sure that’s the right answer.
Leonard: Can I take a look?
Penny: No, Leonard, this is my thing.
Leonard: Okay, I get it.
Penny: Thank you.
Leonard: It’s like when I started doing chin-ups, I didn’t want you to see until I could do one. FYI, really close.
Penny: Thank you. Now behave yourself and eat your dinner. Maybe later, if you’re lucky, you get to sleep with a college girl.
Leonard: Really? ‘Cause I went to four years of college and five years of grad school, that never happened once.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: I think the next time I have to speak to a call centre in India, I’m going to try using an American accent.
Howard: Why?
Raj: Because when I use my regular voice, I feel like I’m making fun of them.
Howard: That’s ridiculous. Not to mention, your American accent is terrible.
Raj: Dude, my accent is brilliant. (In American accent) Hey, my snow-white American friends, let’s put some cow meat on the barbecue and eat it until we’re all obese.
Howard: This is what you sound like. I think I’m talking in an American accent, but it really sounds like I’m wearing a set of giant dentures.
Raj: Sheldon, do I really sound like that?
Howard: Tell him he sounds like that.
Raj: Sheldon, you okay?
Sheldon: It’s been three days. Why hasn’t Stephen Hawking played a word?
Raj: The guy’s a genius. Maybe you weren’t challenging enough for him.
Sheldon: Not challenging? I was humiliating the man. I was thinking of writing a book called A Brief History of the Time I Made Stephen Hawking Cry Like a Little Girl.
Howard: There’s the problem. You can’t beat Hawking like that. He hates to lose. Everyone knows the guy’s a big baby. I mean, forget the wheelchair, he should be in a stroller.
Sheldon: Really?
Howard: One time when I was working with him, he said that Johnny Depp was in The Matrix. I told him he was wrong, but he kept insisting. So I looked it up online and showed him. Well, the next day, he had a pizza party, and everyone got invited but me. And then he was all, your invitation must have gotten lost in the matrix.
Sheldon: Good Lord, what have I done?
Raj (in American accent): Good Lord, what have I done?
Howard: Terrible.
Raj: All right, hotshot, let’s hear your Indian.
Howard: I can’t sit on that elephant, my ass is on fire from eating all this curry.
Raj: Okay, yeah, that’s pretty good.
Scene: Penny’s bedroom. Leonard sneaks from the bed and opens Penny’s computer. 
Leonard: Please be good. Please be good. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Okay. She writes like she cooks.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Play. Play. Play. Play. Play.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Sheldon: Trying to use a Jedi mind trick to control Stephen Hawking. Play. Play. Ugh! He must be wearing a tinfoil hat or something.
Leonard: I did a bad thing.
Sheldon: Does it affect me?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Then suffer in silence. Play. Play. Play. (Knock knock knock) Stephen Hawking. (Knock knock knock) Stephen Hawking. (Knock knock knock) Stephen Hawking.
Leonard: Penny started taking a class. She wrote a paper, she didn’t want me to read it, I went behind her back and I read it anyway.
Sheldon: Stephen Hawking hates me.
Leonard: I don’t know what to do. I mean, the paper’s terrible. But if I tell her, she’ll know that I read it and she’ll get really mad.
Sheldon: I was beating him so bad, he doesn’t want to be friends anymore. Why does everyone love me except Stephen Hawking?
Leonard: Is it possible we’re having two different conversations?
Sheldon: How would I know? I’m not listening to you.
Leonard: Hang on. Okay, here’s what we’re gonna do. Chess clock. We each get five minutes to talk about our problems. We’ll take turns. Each turn will consist of a statement and a helpful response from the friend. Begin.
Sheldon: I humiliated Stephen Hawking in a game of Words with Friends. He stopped playing, and now we’re not friends anymore.
Leonard: He’s probably busy. You’re worried about nothing. Give it a couple more days. I’m sure he’ll play, and you’ll see that everything’s fine. My turn. I can’t let Penny hand in a bad paper, but how do I tell her it’s bad without letting her know that I read it?
Sheldon: Hmm. Beats me. Now, I know Hawking’s not busy because I can see he’s playing other people right now.
Leonard: Maybe since you’re so good, he’s taking his time to meet the challenge. I want Penny to enjoy school…
Sheldon: Wolowitz told me he’s a big baby. But I didn’t know that, and I played extract for 82 points. It’s all Amy’s fault. She told me to play it. I have got to cut her loose.
Leonard: Sheldon, I wasn’t done talking. She hands in the paper tomorrow. I know I could help her. And she’s my girlfriend. I, I should be allowed to help her. Why aren’t I allowed to help her?
Sheldon: Yeah, I hear you, brother.
Leonard: No. You need to give me some advice.
Sheldon: Fine. Women, huh?
Leonard: No, specific to my situation.
Sheldon: Blonde women, huh?
Leonard: Empathetic.
Sheldon: It sucks to be you.
Leonard: I quit.
Sheldon: Leonard, wait. No. I listened to your dumb thing. Leonard, come back. Leonard, come back. Leonard, come back.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Oh, of course, it only works on the weak-minded.
Scene: Penny’s bedroom.
Leonard: Good morning, sunshine.
Penny: Leonard. It’s eight a.m. It’s like the middle of the night.
Leonard: I know, but I have to go to work, and I made you breakfast.
Penny: Oh, wow, that’s so sweet. Hey, what’s this?
Leonard: Uh, before you open that, um, are you familiar with the story of The Shoemaker and the Elves?
Penny: Elves? Come on, Leonard. It’s too early for Lord of the Rings.
Leonard: No, no. Listen, um, once upon a time, there was this shoemaker and when he went to bed at night, elves would sneak in and they would make all these amazing shoes for him. And when the shoemaker woke up in the morning, he, he would be super happy, not mad at the elves at all. Open it.
Penny: Okay. An examination of the economic, cultural, and political roots of slavery in the Old South, 1619 to 1865. What the hell is this?
Leonard: Don’t ask me. A little elf did it.
Penny: So let me get this straight. You just assumed my paper would be bad so you wrote one for me?
Leonard: No, I assumed it would be good. Then I read it.
Penny: What?
Leonard: No, I, I mean, it was good. There were just a few things that needed a little polishing.
Penny: You changed every word.
Leonard: That’s not true. Uh, slavery. 1619. Your name at the top. That’s all you.
Penny: You are such an ass. This is exactly why I didn’t want to tell you I was taking a class in the first place.
Leonard: Please don’t be upset. I just, I didn’t want you ending up with a bad grade and get discouraged and give up on the idea of going back to school.
Penny: Right, because me being in school is so important to you. That way, you wouldn’t have to be dating someone who’s only a waitress.
Leonard: Oh, come on, you know that’s not true.
Penny: Do I? Listen to me. I need to do this on my own. If I fail, I fail. If I pass, I pass. Do you get it?
Leonard: I’m sorry. I was just trying to help.
Penny: Yeah, well, next time don’t. Oh, and since you like stories so much, this is not The Shoemaker
and the Elves, okay? This is, Give a man a fish, he eats it. Teach a man to fish, he, sells it or something. Whatever, I don’t know, it’s just a lot better than what you did, you big jerk!
Scene: The cafeteria.
Howard: You ever hear back from Hawking?
Sheldon: No. It would appear as if I’ve lost him. Stupid brain.
Raj: It’ll be okay.
Sheldon: How can it be okay? Stephen Hawking’s a genius and he talks like a robot. It’s everything I’ve ever wanted in a friend.
Raj: Yeah, but if he’s a sore loser, maybe you’re better off without him.
Sheldon: You’re right. I guess I just have to make lemonade out of the two of you. He played! He played! Coop and Rolling Thunder are together again. He was okay with that nickname.
Howard: So, now all you have to do is let him win.
Sheldon: Yeah, way ahead of you. I will play the word at for two measly points, throwing the game and thus securing my friendship with the smartest man in the world.
Howard: What are you waiting for? Hit send.
Sheldon: I can’t. Losing on purpose is intellectually dishonest.
Raj: So don’t do it.
Sheldon: Oh, but I want to be Hawking’s friend.
Howard: So do it.
Sheldon: Oh, but if I do, I’ll be a phony, a sellout, a Hollywood poser.
Raj: Then don’t do it.
Sheldon: I won’t. This feels right. My mother always said, to thine own self be true.
Howard: Good for you.
Sheldon: ‘Course she also told me that every animal in the world got on one boat, so what does she know? And send.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Oh, hey. Haven’t heard from you in a couple days. You still mad at me?
Penny: Nope. I have no reason to… “B” mad at you. Minus.
Leonard: Wow.
Penny: That’s right. On my paper. Not yours, mine, you punk-ass elf.
Leonard: I don’t know what to say.
Penny: Hmm, how about, gee, Penny, you’re smarter than I thought. You may be the one in school, but I’m the one who learned a lesson. I’m so stupid, Penny. Duh.
Sheldon: She sounds exactly like you.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Amy: How’d it go with Leonard?
Penny: I don’t think he’ll be making that mistake again.
Bernadette: Good.
Penny: So, I know this goes without saying, but if either of you tell Leonard you helped me rewrite this paper, I will beat you both with a bag of oranges.
Amy: Understood.
Bernadette: Got it.
Penny: Now, ladies, we got a B-minus on this paper. I think if we put our heads together, on the next one we could get an A.
Bernadette: Uh, but we got you a B-minus on purpose to make it believable.
Penny: Believable? You saying I’m not smart?
Bernadette: No, no!
Amy: You’re smart.
Penny: That’s better.
Amy: I feel like I’m in high school again.
Bernadette: Yeah, doing the prom queen’s homework so she’ll like us.
Amy: I know. It’s finally working.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon’s phone rings.
Sheldon: It’s Stephen Hawking.
Leonard: Well answer it. I want to hear.
Sheldon: Professor Hawking, how nice of you to call.
Stephen Hawking: Hello. I really enjoyed our game, Dr. Cooper.
Sheldon: Oh, me, too.
Stephen Hawking: Or should I say Dr. Loser? Ha, ha, ha.
Sheldon: Yes, congratulations. You won fair and square. Uh, very impressive, sir.
Stephen Hawking: Do you like brain teasers?
Sheldon: Oh, I love brain teasers.
Stephen Hawking: What does Sheldon Cooper and a black hole have in common? They both suck. Neener neener.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hello, I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Welcome to Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags. Before we get started, I’d like to announce the winner of our design your own flag competition. But I can’t. The only entry was from GameyGamer75, and I know that was a jpeg of your buttocks. Now this week we have a very special episode where we explore the flags of the popular entertainment franchise, Star Trek. And to help me, I’m pleased to introduce Internet personality, former star of Star Trek: The Next Generation, and the only guy I know lucky enough to be immortalized in one sixteenth scale. Set phasers to fun for my friend, Wil Wheaton.
Wil: Hi, Sheldon. Thanks for having me. I’m happy to be here.
Amy: Cut.
Sheldon: What’s wrong?
Amy: Sorry, Sheldon, you were brilliant as always. Wil, that was a little wooden.
Wil: Wooden?
Amy: Don’t worry, it wasn’t terrible. Just, this time, try to say it the way people sound. And action.
Sheldon: My friend, Wil Wheaton.
Wil: Hi, Sheldon. Thanks for having me. I’m excited to be here.
Sheldon: So, Wil, what do you have for us first?
Wil: Well, this is an exciting one. This is the flag of the United Federation of Planets. Now what’s interesting about this flag…
Amy: Cut.
Wil: What was wrong with that?
Amy: It’s called Fun with Flags. They’re not at half-mast, nobody died. Let’s try and keep it upbeat.
Wil: Um, no offence, but I’ve been acting since I was a kid. I think I can handle a Web show without a lot of direction.
Sheldon: It’s true. In 1982, Wil played the voice of Martin the mouse in The Secret of NIMH. You moved me.
Amy: You’ll have to forgive me. This is my first time directing, I just want it to be good.
Wil: So do I.
Amy: Great. So, this time let’s try more real boy, less Pinocchio. And action.
Wil: And cut. You realize that I’m doing this for free, right?
Amy: Yes. And so far, we’re still not getting our money’s worth. Let’s try it again. Everybody’s having fun. And action.
Sheldon: So, Wil, what do you have for us first?
Wil: Well, this is an exciting one. This is the flag of the United Federation of Planets.
Amy: Cut.
Wil: Problem, first-time director?
Sheldon: Oh, none that I could see. I saw a man who loved flags almost as much as I do. I got goose bumps.
Amy: He was overacting on purpose.
Sheldon: Really? He reminded me of a young William Shatner.
Wil: Listen, Sheldon, I’m really happy to do this for you, but not if she’s gonna be a huge pain in the ass the whole time.
Amy: You gonna let him speak to me like that?
Sheldon: Well, you’re my girlfriend and I don’t want you to be upset. Then again, Wil Wheaton’s my friend and I don’t want him to be upset. Hmm, this is a sticky wicket. (To Wil) What do you think?
Amy: Can I speak to you for a second?
Sheldon: I’ll be right back. Feel free to play with yourself.
Amy: I don’t care for your friend, he’s being rude to me. You need to ask him to leave.
Sheldon: Amy, I can’t just ask Wil Wheaton to leave. He’s a minor celebrity. Once you explain who he is, many people recognize him.
Amy: Fine. Then maybe I should go.
Sheldon: Could you? That would solve everything. You are the best. I’ll see you at dinner tonight?
Amy: You sure you wouldn’t rather have dinner with your friend Wil Wheaton?
Sheldon: Come to think of it, I would! You, little lady, are on fire.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Howard’s bedroom.
Bernadette: Every time we eat dinner here, your mother refuses to let me help with the dishes.
Howard: Don’t take it personally. She likes doing them by herself so she can lick the plates with no one looking.
Bernadette: You ready to go?
Howard: Yeah, let me just grab a couple of fresh turtlenecks.
Bernadette: I don’t understand why you keep your stuff here when there’s plenty of room at home.
Howard: What are you talking about? All I have here is a few sweaters, books, bank stuff, computers, mail, collectibles, medicine and my electric body groomer. Ooh, there’s my plaid dickie. Oh, got this at the Goodwill store for 50 cents. Can you believe it?
Bernadette: 50 cents sounds right. Let’s go.
Howard: You know, it’s kinda late. Why don’t we just spend the night here?
Bernadette: Because we don’t live here.
Howard: I know.
Bernadette: Do you? You said when you got back from space you were gonna move into my apartment, but half the time we stay here.
Howard: That’s not true.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard, I’m doing laundry. You want me to put anything in for you?
Howard: There’s some underwear in the hamper.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Oh, good, I got that new stain stick to try out.
Howard: Thank you, I only put it on the list two weeks ago. Okay, I see what you’re getting at. How about this weekend I’ll box up all my things and move them to our place.
Bernadette: Thank you.
Howard: The lightsabres are gonna look great in the living room.
Bernadette: Or in the closet. We can decide later.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard, help, my hand’s stuck in the garbage disposal.
Howard: Let go of whatever piece of food you’re holding.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Are you kidding? It’s a perfectly good chicken leg.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Hey, look who’s out after dark, like a big boy.
Sheldon: I was out raising heck with Mr. Wil Wheaton. Four hours more and we would have closed down the HomeTown Buffet.
Leonard: I thought you had plans with Amy.
Sheldon: Yeah, I did, but then Wil called Amy a pain in the A-S-S. She got huffy and left, then Wil and I headed out to dinner. That place really did remind me of my hometown. Because there we also have a HomeTown Buffet.
Leonard: Hold on. Wil and Amy had an argument?
Sheldon: Yes, quite the kerfuffle.
Leonard: Then Amy got mad and left?
Sheldon: Walked right out the door.
Leonard: And you?
Sheldon: Enjoyed a delightful dinner at a reasonable price. The manager recognized Wil and let us sit right next to the frozen yoghurt machine. Right next to it. I was closer to it than I am to you right now.
Leonard: Buddy, I think Amy might be upset.
Sheldon: Why’s that?
Leonard: Because your friend was rude to her, and then you went to dinner with him.
Sheldon: You’re just repeating what I said. It’s like living with a lactose-intolerant parrot.
Leonard: Trust me, call her.
Sheldon: Fine. It’s a shame you didn’t go to dinner with us, because the buffet you’re about to enjoy only serves humble pie, a dessert much less tasty than frozen yoghurt. I was this close.
Amy (on skype): What?
Sheldon: You’ll appreciate this. Leonard has some ridiculous notion that you’re mad at me. Tell him you’re not mad at me. Go ahead, set him straight.
Amy: I’m mad at you, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hmm. Eat one of your Luna bars. Very often when women think they’re angry, they’re really just hungry.
Amy: I’m not hungry. Your friend insulted me, and you didn’t do anything.
Sheldon: Precisely, I didn’t do anything. Now does someone feel like checking her emotional math?
Leonard: Keep going, buddy, you’re doing great.
Amy: Sheldon, I’m your girlfriend, and you should have taken my side. That’s it. End of story. Good night.
Sheldon: Wow, Amy’s mad and Leonard was right. What a weird day.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.
Penny: Hey. Sorry this took so long. But you used to work here, you know how it is.
Bernadette: Kitchen slammed again?
Penny: No, I’m a terrible waitress, remember?
Bernadette: So, is there anything I can do to help you with the move tomorrow?
Howard: Now that you mention it, I was thinking tomorrow might not be great.
Bernadette: What’s your excuse this time?
Howard: No excuse. It’s just, you know, I’m Jewish, and technically, we’re not supposed to drive or carry anything on the Sabbath. So this one’s on God.
Bernadette: That might be a little more convincing if you didn’t have a mouthful of bacon cheeseburger.
Howard: My religion’s kinda loosey-goosey. Basically, as long as you got your schmekel clipped and don’t wear a cross, you’re good.
Bernadette: Howie, you promised you’d move.
Howard: And I will.
Penny: Yeah, right.
Howard: I will. I’m obviously not going to live in my mother’s house for the rest of my life. I’m not a child.
Penny: I’ve seen her burp you.
Howard: She did not burp me. She was patting me on the back, and I happened to burp. Don’t you have other tables you should be waiting on?
Penny: Yeah, but I told you, I’m not good at my job. Bernadette, listen to me. He is never gonna leave.
Bernadette: I’m starting to think you’re right.
Howard: All right, I’ve had enough of this. I’m a grown man, I have a successful career, for the love of God, I’ve been to space. I will move out when I’m ready, and I don’t need anyone badgering me into it.
Penny: Wow, excuse me.
Howard: That was just for her benefit. I’ll move tomorrow. I love you. Don’t leave me.
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Angry Amy.
Amy: What?
Sheldon: I’ve been thinking about what happened, and I hope this gift will make things better.
Amy: Star Trek DVDs? Why would I want this?
Sheldon: First of all, you’re welcome. And furthermore, not being familiar with Wil Wheaton’s body of work, there was no way for you to know you were being rude to a national treasure. Get ready for 130 hours of I told you so. (She hands him back the DVDs and slams the door) Fine. I’ll just tell you what happens. Episode one, Encounter at Farpoint. Fade in. The new Enterprise heads out on its maiden voyage to contact the Bandi people of Deneb IV. Enter Wesley Crusher, played by my buddy… (Amy opens door, grabs DVDs, slams door again) She’s hooked.
Scene: Howard’s bedroom.
Raj: Wow. An end of an era.
Howard: Boy, if these walls could talk.
Leonard: They’d say, why does he touch himself so much?
Howard: Yeah. I can’t believe I’m not going to live here anymore. This has always been my bedroom. Right here is where my mom used to mark my height.
Leonard: Oh, yeah. Fifth grade. Sixth grade. Seventh grade. Eighth grade. Ninth grade.
Howard: I remember when I was five, hiding under this desk with all my Halloween candy. Had some Peanut M&M’S, went into my first anaphylactic shock and had to be rushed to the hospital. Came home, celebrated with a Snickers, went into my second anaphylactic shock.
Raj: When did you figure out you were allergic to nuts?
Howard: Sometime around the third Almond Joy.
Leonard: Okay. You want to start loading this stuff into the truck?
Howard: Yeah, I guess. Hey, would you do me a favour? Go on ahead. I just want one last moment alone in my old room.
Leonard: We’re not standing outside by the U-Haul while you fondle yourself.
Howard: Fine, let’s go.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory Bar.
Penny: Hey. What brings you in?
Sheldon: Penny, if you wouldn’t mind, I’d like to have a conversation about girls.
Penny: I had a feeling we’d have a talk like this sooner or later. Are you finally getting fuzz in weird places?
Sheldon: Penny, please, I’m on the horns of a relationship dilemma. And for the record, I had a full pubis of hair by the time I was 19.
Penny: And for the record, bleugh. So what are you drinking?
Sheldon: Well, it’s been a rough day. I usually go chamomile tea, but I don’t think that’s going to cut it.
Penny: You could have a Long Island Iced Tea.
Sheldon: Will that calm my nerves?
Penny: It’s calmed the pants off me a couple of times.
Sheldon: Sold.
Penny: Oh. So, the heart you got from the wizard giving you trouble?
Sheldon: The trouble isn’t with me, Penny, it’s with your gender. Someday, scientists will discover that second X chromosome contains nothing but nonsense and twaddle.
Penny: Yeah, Amy told me what happened. Look, just apologize. It’ll warm her twaddle.
Sheldon: It’s a Band-Aid at best. See, the core problem is that Amy and Wil do not like each other. Which is baffling because they’re both crazy about me. And I like them, which indicates they’re bright and interesting and/or were on Star Trek.
Penny: Honey, you can’t make people like each other.
Sheldon: Not true. Leonard made me like you. And let me tell you, that was a hard row to hoe. Cheers, pal. Ooh. Boy, that is a treat that’s hard to beat. Get the Mad Hatter on the horn, I’m having a tea party.
Penny: You might want to pace yourself.
Sheldon: I drink tea all the time. I think I know what I’m doing.
Penny: Far be it from me to criticize a man with a full pubis. Look, Sheldon, your problem is not Wil Wheaton, okay? Your problem is the way you treated Amy.
Sheldon: My problem is I’m out of tea.
Penny: Come on, someone insulted your girlfriend and you just let him do it. I thought you Texas guys stood up for your womenfolk.
Sheldon: Penny, please, I think I’ve evolved beyond my simple rustic upbringing.
Penny: Sorry.
Sheldon: On the other hand, that low-down polecat done wronged my woman.
Penny: Welcome to Long Island, Tex.
Sheldon: Amy deserves better. You know, when we buy the Planter’s deluxe mix, she eats all the Brazil nuts so I don’t have to look at them. She’s a unique blend of saint and squirrel.
Penny: Yeah, that she is. Here you go.
Sheldon: I’m a callous egomaniac. She’s gonna leave me.
Penny: No, she won’t.
Sheldon: No, she won’t. I’m great.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: Okay, I have now officially moved out of my mother’s house. You are now the only woman in my life who I’ll see naked in the bathroom.
Bernadette: I know this wasn’t easy. You doing okay?
Howard: Oh, I’m fine. It’s just her I’m worried about.
Bernadette: Aw, she’ll be okay. She’s a grown woman.
Howard: I know. It’s just ever since my dad left, I’ve felt responsible for her.
Bernadette: That’s a lot for a kid to deal with.
Howard: She was just so sad all the time. I was the only person who could cheer her up. Well, me and Ben and Jerry.
Bernadette: She’s lucky you were there.
Howard: You know, she’s why I first got into magic. I would do little shows for her, hang up a bedsheet like it was a curtain, put on a top hat and cape. And part way through the act, I would say I needed a volunteer from the audience to be my beautiful assistant and invite her up on stage. I can still remember the way she’d smile. For a few minutes, she’d forget how lonely she was.
Bernadette: Aw, crap. Let’s go.
Howard: Where we going?
Bernadette: Grab a box. We’ll sleep at your mother’s place tonight.
Howard: No, but I want to live here.
Bernadette: Well, you should’ve thought of that before you told me the stupid magic trick story.
Howard: Can’t we talk about this?
Bernadette: No husband of mine is gonna break his mother’s heart!
Scene: Wil Wheaton’s house.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Wil Wheaton! (Knock, knock, knock) Wil Wheaton! Wait, how many was that?
Wil: Hey, Sheldon, what’s up?
Sheldon: Wouldn’t you like to know?
Wil: Have you been drinking?
Sheldon: Just tea. S’the best tea I’ve ever had.
Wil: Why are you here?
Sheldon: I’ll tell you. I’m from Texas. Need I say more?
Wil: Yeah, actually, a little more would be helpful.
Sheldon: You insulted my woman. I’m here to defend her honour. Two! It was two. (Knock, knock, knock) Wil Wheaton! Now prepare yourself for what may come.
Wil: Oh, Sheldon, do you really think we’re gonna fight?
Sheldon: My fists are not up here because I’m milking a giant invisible cow. They’re up to beat an apology out of you.
Wil: Okay, I’m sorry.
Sheldon: Well, that was a long bus ride for not very much.
Wil: Are you okay?
Sheldon: You’re asking a lot of questions, Wil Wheaton. As a matter of idle curiosity, which of your shrubberies do you feel would benefit from a thorough vomiting? Never mind, I’ll choose. (Vomits) You were so good in Stand by Me.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hello, I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Welcome to Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags. Get ready for a very special episode where we explore the flags of the popular entertainment franchise, Star Trek. And to help us, I’m pleased to introduce a special guest, surprisingly, it only took gas money and the promise of free food to get him here, Mr. LeVar Burton.
LeVar: Hey, Sheldon, it’s a pleasure to be here. Well, we’ve got some interesting flags for…
Amy: Cut. Yikes, this guy is worse than Wil Wheaton.
Sheldon: I don’t know what she’s talking about, but I’m obligated to agree with her. She’s my girlfriend.
LeVar: Ah, I hear you, brother. I still get lunch, right?
 								
			
				Scene: The cafeteria. Sheldon is drawing on a napkin.
Raj: What are you drawing over there?
Sheldon: It’s a hypothetical containment field for a Frisbee-sized wormhole that could serve as a portal to a parallel universe.
Howard: Oh, you silly doodlebug.
Leonard: You know, a lot of scientists believe that making contact with other life-forms would probably not end well for us.
Sheldon: It’s a Frisbee-sized wormhole, Leonard. You can block it with a Frisbee. Calm down. (Hands Howard the napkin)
Howard: Do you expect me to build this?
Sheldon: I expect you to wipe the pudding off your chin. Gentlemen.
Howard: Have you guys ever noticed that Sheldon always disappears every day at two forty-five?
Leonard: Really?
Raj: He probably just goes to the bathroom.
Leonard: Actually, no, he goes to the bathroom at eight a.m. with optional follow-ups at one forty-five and seven ten high-fibre Fridays.
Raj: It’s sad that you know that.
Leonard: Oh, that’s just the tip of the sadness iceberg.
Howard: I’m looking at his public calendar. Two forty-five to three-oh-five, nothing. Yesterday, two forty-five to three-oh-five, nothing, last week, nothing, last month, nothing. He never has anything booked during that time.
Raj: Twenty minutes a day, completely unaccounted for.
Howard: We should figure out where he goes.
Raj: Ooh, this is exciting. Like one of my classic murder mystery dinner parties.
Leonard: Right, the case of who murdered three Saturday nights of my life?
Howard: Colonel Koothrapali in the kitchen with the olive spread.
Raj: It was tapenade and you guys suck.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. Penny is texting.
Penny: So, how was work today?
Leonard: Well, I spent most of the afternoon growing isotopically pure crystals for neutrino detection.
Penny: That sounds like fun.
Leonard: Yeah, it was.
Penny: Oh, good, I guessed right.
Leonard: Who you talking to?
Penny: Oh, just this guy I met at school.
Leonard: Oh, great. We’re still dating, right?
Penny: Relax. He’s just a friend. We’re doing an oral report together. He’s really nice.
Leonard: I’m sorry, what was that? I had a little stroke after oral.
Penny: Would you stop? Look, he just moved here from London, okay? He doesn’t really know anybody.
Leonard: Oh, good, an English accent, the sexiest accent you can have.
Penny: No. That’s not true. There’s French, there’s Italian. No, you’re right, it’s the best.
Leonard: Did you tell him you have a boyfriend?
Penny: It didn’t come up.
Leonard: Well, maybe you should tell him.
Penny: What am I supposed to say?
Leonard: Say, can’t talk right now, hanging with my boyfriend. England sucks, you suck, USA number one.
Penny: Fine. Hanging with my boyfriend. Talk to you later. Happy?
Leonard: Yes. Thank you.
Penny: Mm-hmm. Hmm.
Leonard: What did he say?
Penny: Nothing.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Did your boyfriend make you type that?
Leonard: I hate this guy.
Penny: Don’t be like that.
Leonard: Come on, trust me, he’s hitting on you.
Penny: No, he’s not. We’re just friends. Look, is this gonna be a problem? Because he’s supposed to come over tomorrow to work.
Leonard: Really? Here?
Penny: If it makes you uncomfortable, I’ll switch partners, even though the thing’s due next week and everyone already has a partner and I’ll probably end up failing the class.
Leonard: That’d be great. Thank you.
Scene: The corridor outside Sheldon’s office.
Howard: Two forty-four, Right on schedule. Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, hello.
Howard: Raj and I are heading over to the genetics lab to pet the glow-in-the-dark bunny. Want to come with us?
Sheldon: No, thank you.
Raj: Are you sure? They turn off the lights, and it’s like a cute little laser show that poops all over the place.
Sheldon: I’m quite sure. Good day.
Howard: Well, where are you going?
Sheldon: Where are you going?
Raj: We just told you.
Sheldon: I just told you.
Howard: No, you didn’t.
Sheldon: Well, it’s your word against mine; see you in court.
Howard: Should we follow him?
Raj: I don’t know, I’m torn. I want to know where he’s going, but now I kind of want to play with the bunny.
Alex: Hi, guys.
Howard: Hey, Alex, do you know where your boss just went?
Alex: No.
Howard: Don’t you know his schedule?
Alex: All I know is corduroy makes too much noise and I have to go find quieter pants.
Howard: Come on.
Raj: Boy, what I wouldn’t give to get her out of those pants and into something a little more stylish.
Scene: A corridor in the basement. Sheldon takes out a key, unlocks a door and enters.
Howard: This is where he goes? What’s in there?
Raj: I think it’s an old storage room.
Howard: What could he be doing in there every day for twenty minutes?
Raj: Well, he’s not doing twenty-minute abs, because if he were, he would have way better abs. Can you hear anything?
Howard: Not yet. What are you doing?
Raj: I’m listening.
Howard: Can’t you face the other way and listen?
Raj: I can’t do anything right for you, can I?
Howard: What the hell is he up to?
Raj: He is kind of a weirdo. Maybe he’s got Leonard Nimoy chained up in there. Or Bill Gates. Or Stephen Hawking.
Howard: Why would he chain up Stephen Hawking?
Raj: Howard, please, you can’t treat the man differently just because he’s disabled. That’s not okay.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: If you’re wondering why I’ve been staring through the peephole, I’m trying to get a look at this guy who’s coming over to Penny’s.
Sheldon: To be honest, I didn’t know you were here.
Leonard: It’s not a big deal. He’s just in her history class. They’re working on a project together. I don’t even know why I care. You know what, I don’t care.
Sheldon: You think you don’t care?
Leonard: This is silly. I have nothing to worry about.
Sheldon: Oh, I don’t know. I mean, statistically speaking, I’m sure you have something to worry about.
Leonard: What do you mean?
Sheldon: Well, if we assume your looks are average, yeah, right off the bat, fifty percent of men on Earth are more attractive than you. That’s one point five billion handsome lads standing by, waiting to rain on your parade.
Leonard: Well, yeah, but this isn’t just about looks. I’m, I’m way above average in a lot of other things.
Sheldon: Not height, vision, athleticism, or ability to digest dairy products.
Leonard: I’m talking about important things like emotional maturity.
Sheldon: You were just spying on your girlfriend through a peephole.
Leonard: I liked it better when you thought I wasn’t here.
Sheldon: I’m not saying you don’t have attractive qualities. Your choice of friends is impeccable, you’re a good sleeper, and last but not least, you buy the grapes I like. You’re a real catch compared to some snoring guy with a fridge full of lousy grapes.
Leonard: None of this matters. I trust that Penny cares about me, and nothing’s gonna happen with this guy.
Sheldon: Well, unless of course he’s a skilled hypnotist.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: While unlikely, it’s still a statistical possibility. She might be performing sexual acts with him and not even know it.
Leonard: Now you’re just being ridiculous.
Sheldon: Am I? The mind’s a mysterious thing, Leonard. He could be having the time of his life while she thinks she’s a chicken pecking for corn.
Scene: The university basement.
Raj: Look at us, sneaking around in the middle of the night like a couple of cat burglars.
Howard: I think we’re more like ninjas.
Raj: I don’t want to be a ninja, I want to be a cat burglar.
Howard: Fine, I’ll be a ninja, you be a cat burglar.
Raj: No, we both have to be the same thing. Okay, we’re ninjas.
Howard: Thank you.
Raj: But next time, we’ll be cat burglars.
Howard: It’s locked.
Raj: Are you sure?
Howard: Yes, I’m sure. Now, you stand guard, I’m going to…
Raj (trying door): It’s locked.
Howard: Just keep an eye out. I’ll have this open in a minute.
Raj: When did you learn how to pick locks?
Howard: When I was starting to do magic in junior high, I thought I could be an escape artist like Harry Houdini.
Raj: How did that work out?
Howard: Pretty good. I managed to escape friends, popularity, and every party thrown in a twelve mile radius. There. Ready?
Raj: Hold on, hold on.
Howard: What?
Raj: Sheldon is a very smart man, and he obviously wants to keep this a secret.
Howard: Yeah, so?
Raj: What if it’s booby-trapped?
Howard: Don’t worry, I’m one step ahead of him.
Raj: Great, what’s your pl… (Howard pushes him inside)
Howard: Are we good?
Raj: Yeah. Huh. Forty-three? What the hell does that mean?
Howard: I don’t know. The solution to an equation?
Raj: Maybe. It’s a prime number. Encryption systems are built on prime numbers.
Howard: What kind of secret does Sheldon have to encrypt?
Raj: He’s always been very cagey about what he puts in his egg salad to make it so tasty.
Howard: It’s paprika.
Raj: Really? Well, oh, okay, one mystery solved.
Scene: The apartment.
Voice from Outside: Okay, good night.
Penny (off): Thanks, Cole. See you at school.
Cole (off): See you.
Leonard: I’ll be right back.
Sheldon: I thought you left a long time ago.
Leonard (rushing to catch up with Cole): ‘sup?
Cole: Hey.
Leonard: You, uh, moving into the apartment on the fifth floor?
Cole: No, I was just visiting a friend.
Leonard: Oh, cool. That cute blonde on four?
Cole: Yeah. You know her?
Leonard: I, well, I see her around. I like to keep my distance because her boyfriend is a pretty scary dude.
Cole: Really?
Leonard: Yeah. He’s ganged up.
Cole: She told me he’s a scientist.
Leonard: That’s the name of his gang. The Scientists. They are crazy.
Cole: Well, thanks for the tip.
Leonard: No problem, brother. Stay frosty. (Cole leaves. Leonard spots Penny watching.) We’re still dating, right?
Scene: The cafeteria.
Alex: Oh, hello, Dr. Hofstadter.
Leonard: Hey, Alex, and call me Leonard. Dr. Hofstadter is my father. And my mother. And my sister. And our cat. Although, I’m pretty sure Dr. Boots Hofstadter’s degree was honorary.
Alex: May I join you, Leonard?
Leonard: Sure.
Alex: Thanks.
Leonard: Hey, Alex, let me ask you something. My girlfriend knows this guy at school. He’s got an English accent.
Alex: Ooh, I love English accents.
Leonard: Yeah, you all do. Anyway, I feel like he’s hitting on her. She says he’s just being nice and that I should trust her.
Alex: It’s probably harmless. You know how it is. I’m sure you get hit on all the time.
Leonard: Right. Because girls are always like, ooh, that guy owns two Star Trek uniforms and gets a lot of ear infections. I got to get me some of that.
Alex: I don’t know, I bet it happens more than you realize.
Leonard: Trust me, it doesn’t.
Alex: You sure? You’re cute, you’re funny. Maybe you’re getting hit on, and you don’t even know it.
Leonard: Really?
Alex: Yep, pretty sure.
Leonard (laughs): Okay, I got to get back to work. Thanks for listening.
Alex: No problem.
Leonard: Hope-hope no girls rip my clothes off on the way.
Scene: Raj’s office.
Raj: Come on, we’re smart guys. We can figure this out.
Howard: Forty-three. What is forty-three? Besides my mom’s neck size.
Raj: It’s the atomic number for technetium.
Howard: That stuff’s radioactive.
Raj: Do you think he’s building a bomb?
Howard: Ah, it took him two years to put together that Lego Death Star, I’m not worried.
Raj: Ooh, this could be something. forty-three is the number of calories in half a cup of fat-free yoghurt.
Howard: Why would you know that?
Raj: I’m sorry. We can’t all eat whatever we want and still stay thin. Wait, in the Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, isn’t forty-three the answer to the question of life, the universe,and everything?
Howard: That’s forty-two, dumb-ass.
Raj: Hey, hey. Feelings.
Howard: We should stop. I’m exhausted.
Raj: Yeah, me, too. We’ve got more important things to do. Who cares what stupid forty-three means?
Howard: Not me.
Raj: Let’s go home. You want to get something to eat?
Howard: Sounds good.
Raj: What the balls is forty-three?
Howard: I have to know!
Scene: The stairwell.
Leonard: Hi.
Penny: Hey, shouldn’t you be out with your gang, spray painting equations on the side of buildings?
Leonard: Come on, I’m sorry.
Penny: I just can’t believe you don’t trust me.
Leonard: I do, of course I do.
Penny: Then why did you embarrass me in front of my friend, who, by the way, knew exactly who you were?
Leonard: Really?
Penny: Your picture’s on my refrigerator.
Leonard: Oh. You know, I’m really starting to not like this guy.
Penny: What is your problem? Do you use up all your thinking at work and then have none left over for when you get home?
Leonard: I don’t know. It-it-it’s hard sometimes. Everywhere you go, guys hit on you, even if I’m standing right there. And they’re all taller than me. Why is everyone taller than me? You know what, this is all in my head. It’s my problem, not yours.
Penny: Leonard, why do you always do this? Listen to me, you’re the one I’m with. You know I love you, so will you please relax because you’re driving me crazy.
Leonard: You know that’s the first time you ever said that you love me.
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: We’re just supposed to pretend it’s not a big deal?
Penny: That’s exactly what we’re gonna do because you’re about to make me cry, and we both know if I start crying, you’re gonna start crying.
Leonard: You’re right, you should go.
Penny (crying): All right.
Leonard (crying): She loves me. (Receives text) Hey, it’s Alex. Nice having coffee with you. If you want to talk more, I’m always available. Smiley face, smiley face. What a friendly girl.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Howard: Okay, picture’s up. Looks like the camera’s working.
Raj: That’s good quality video.
Howard: It better be. It’s the spare camera for the Mars rover.
Raj: How did you get your hands on that?
Howard: Million dollar camera, ten dollar lock.
Raj: Oh, my God, here he comes. This is it.
Howard: What the hell is that thing?
Raj: I don’t know.
Sheldon (on screen): This is Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Experimental log. Wormhole generator test forty-four.
Howard: Wormhole generator test? (On screen a wormhole appears)
Sheldon: The first forty-three parallel universes I’ve checked proved to be empty. I see no reason to suspect universe number forty-four will be any different. (Puts his head in the wormhole)
Howard: Oh, my God!
Raj: Holy crap!
Sheldon (with an alien creature stuck to his face): Oh! It’s eating my face!
Raj: Aah! It’s eating his face!
Sheldon (throwing alien onto the laptop): I found your webcam and replaced the video feed. You two should be ashamed of yourselves.
Raj: Sheldon, we’re really sorry.
Howard: Yeah, really sorry.
Sheldon: Sorry? You may not realize it, but I have difficulty navigating certain aspects of daily life. You know, understanding sarcasm, feigning interest in others, not talking about trains as much as I want to. It’s exhausting. Which is why, for twenty minutes a day, I like to go down to that room, turn my mind off and do what I need to do to recharge.
Howard: But what are you doing in there?
Raj: And what does forty-three mean?
Sheldon: You don’t need to know, you don’t deserve to know, and you will never know.
Raj: Yeah, well, I know how to make your egg salad now.
Scene: The room in the basement. Sheldon enters, takes out a box, takes a beanbag from the box, then starts playing keepie-uppie,
Sheldon: One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight… Drat. I’m never going to get to forty-three again. One, two, three, four… Rats.
 								
			
				Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: They are not.
Raj: They are, too.
Leonard: Your hypothesis is completely disconfirmed by all the data. You’re just clinging to it out of intellectual stubbornness.
Raj: No, you’re displaying a shocking ignorance of the subject matter. Mummies and zombies are the exact same thing.
Leonard: Oh, yeah? Mummies are wrapped in bandages.
Raj: That’s called a fashion choice.
Leonard: All right, you brought this on yourself. Sheldon, get him.
Sheldon: If a zombie bites you, you turn into a zombie. However, if a mummy bites you, all you turn into is some schmo with a mummy bite. So, like a zombie, that’s been eaten from the waist down, you, sir, have no leg to stand on.
Leonard: Good boy. Here’s a cookie.
Sheldon: Oh, thank you.
Howard: Hey, fellas, what’s going on?
Leonard: Oh, mummies and zombies again.
Howard: Oh, they’re not the same thing.
Leonard: You get a cookie, too.
Howard: Thanks. Guess who picked up his new car this morning?
Raj: Congratulations. Does it have that new car smell?
Howard: Yep. For as long as I can keep my mother out of it. If you want to check it out later, it’s parked right out front, space 294.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, 294?
Howard: Yeah.
Sheldon: That’s my parking spot.
Raj: Why do you have a parking spot? You don’t have a car. You don’t even drive.
Sheldon: It doesn’t matter. That’s my spot.
Leonard: Maybe they reassigned it because you never use it.
Sheldon: Well, I’m not using my nipples, either. Maybe they should reassign those.
Howard: Sheldon, someday, if you get a car, I’m sure they’ll give you another parking space.
Sheldon: I don’t want another parking space. I want my parking space. It’s perfect. It’s a corner spot, cutting the risk of door-dings in half. It’s a mere 28 steps from the building entrance. The nearby tree provides shade on hot days and is also home to a delightful squirrel. Which is fortuitous because most squirrels are real jerks.
Howard: Fun story. Meanwhile, you still don’t have a car.
Sheldon: Don’t try to change the subject. This is about a parking space. It has nothing to do with cars.
Howard: Are you listening to yourself?
Sheldon: I always listen to myself. It’s one of the great joys of my life. Now, get your car out of my spot.
Howard: Nope.
Sheldon: Very well. You leave me no choice.
Scene: The parking spot. Sheldon is trying to push Howard’s car out of the spot.
Sheldon: What are you looking at, you stupid squirrel?
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon (on phone): President Siebert, listen to reason. Yeah, I understand I don’t use the parking spot, but that’s not the point. I… Yes, I’m aware you told me not to call you at home, but you didn’t answer the door. And I know you were there, because I saw you through the mail slot. Yeah, well, that’s some salty language. May I remind you that you’re the president of a major university, not the president of the Potty Mouth Club. There it is again. Do you kiss your mother with that mouth? Oh, well, I’m sorry for your loss. Good night, sir. Unbelievable. He says Wolowitz deserves my spot because he’s a high-profile asset to the university.
Leonard: Well, he’s not wrong. Howard did go to the International Space Station.
Sheldon: Yeah, that was five weeks ago. How much longer is he gonna milk that cow?
Leonard: Sheldon, let it go. It’s not a big deal.
Sheldon: No, no, this is a slippery slope, Leonard. It starts with a parking space, where does it end? It’s like my dad always said, first they say you can’t drink and drive, next thing you know, you can’t let your 10-year-old take the wheel while you sleep one off in the backseat.
Leonard: All that story does is make me feel bad for your mother.
Sheldon: Leonard, you’re my best friend. Why don’t you ever take my side?
Leonard: Because I can never understand your side.
Scene: Sheldon’s office.
Howard: Give it back.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, but could you be more specific?
Howard: My Iron Man helmet. Koothrappali saw you take it. Give it back.
Sheldon: Oh, that. Well, see, I wanted it, and you weren’t using it. Apparently, those are the rules we live by now. Payback, it truly is the B word, isn’t it?
Howard: Sheldon, that is a five hundred dollar limited edition collectible, and I want it back.
Sheldon: I’d love to help you out, but unfortunately (puts helmet on), I’m using it.
Howard: Fine. I’m taking your diploma.
Sheldon: Go ahead. That’s the only doctorate you’ll ever get. It smells funny in here.
Scene: The apartment stairwell.
Bernadette: We’re so proud of you, Amy. Your first bikini wax.
Penny: Yeah. So, how you doing?
Amy: A little sensitive, but not bad. Does it always take that long?
Penny: Uh, no, they usually don’t have to go out and get more wax.
Amy: I feel like I’m five pounds lighter.
Bernadette: Really? Only five?
Penny: Hey, anybody want a drink?
Amy: Sure.
Bernadette: Okay. So, did you spend last night hearing about this silly parking space fight, too?
Amy: For hours. Fortunately, I couldn’t understand most of it ’cause Sheldon was wearing that stupid robot mask.
Bernadette: Howard was so angry I had to mash up Benadryl in his ice cream to get him to fall asleep.
Amy: I guess this is what we get for being with two testosterone-fueled alpha males. At some point, they’re bound to lock horns.
Penny: I’m assuming these are some kind of horns they bought at Comic-Con?
Bernadette: I’m really sorry they took Sheldon’s spot away. He shouldn’t have to suffer just because Howard’s such a big deal now.
Amy: I know, Sheldon should just let Howard have his little moment in the sun.
Bernadette: What’s that supposed to mean?
Amy: Well, I mean, Howard’s never gonna go to space again, but Sheldon will always be a genius.
Bernadette: You’re right. And I’m sure Sheldon will get a fancy parking spot again, if and when he makes a worthwhile contribution to science.
Amy: If and when?
Penny: Okay, maybe we should change the subject. Um, Amy, how are your lady parts? Still chilly down there?
Bernadette: Hang on. None of Sheldon’s theories have ever been definitively proven. My husband actually went to outer space.
Amy: That’s an impressive accomplishment. He’s now an inspiration to millions of Americans who know you don’t have to be special or even qualified to go into space.
Penny: You know, I remember the first time I got a bikini wax. My sister did it with melted Crayolas and duct tape. It’s a bad idea.
Bernadette: Gosh, Amy. I’m sensing a little hostility. Is it maybe because, like Sheldon’s work, your sex life is also theoretical?
Penny: Damn.
Amy: Yeah, well, at least when we do make love, Sheldon won’t be thinking about his mother. And yes, that is a cleverly veiled reference to Howard’s lifelong obsession to crawl back into her spacious womb.
Penny: Anyway, to this day, I still can’t see a box of crayons without crossing my legs.
Bernadette: I don’t have to take this. I’m gonna go home and have sex with my husband right now. Maybe I’ll let him do it to me in the parking spot. Which sounds dirty, but I didn’t mean it that way,
Scene: The stairwell.
Raj: Okay, here’s another one: If a zombie bites a vampire, and the vampire bites a human, does the human become a vampire or a zombie? Or a zompire?
Leonard: Sheldon?
Sheldon: Cookie.
Leonard: I don’t have any.
Sheldon: Well, I’m not giving it away. (Enters apartment. Howard is sitting naked in his spot with a laptop on his lap)
Howard: Hi Sheldon.
Sheldon: He’s in my spot. Leonard, make him stop being naked in my spot.
Leonard: Howard, what are you doing?
Howard: He wasn’t using it. And I needed a nice cool piece of leather to wiggle my naked ass on.
Sheldon: Get off there.
Howard: Give me back my Iron Man helmet.
Sheldon: Give me back my parking space.
Howard: You don’t need a parking space. You don’t have a car.
Sheldon: You don’t need an Iron Man helmet. You’re not Iron Man.
Howard: Well, we appear to have reached an impasse. And you know, I have to say, I thought you’d be more upset that your laptop is sitting on my junk.
Raj: I didn’t pick up on that. That’s a nice touch.
Leonard: Mmm.
Scene: The parking spot. Sheldon is spraypainting out Howard’s name and replacing it with his own.
Amy: This is so exciting. I’m feeling all tingly. Although that could just be my newly defoliated bikini zone.
Sheldon: Keep a lookout. This place is swarming with campus security. They will not hesitate to scold us.
Amy: Freaking pigs.
Sheldon: Oh, yeah. Okay, now, pull your car into the spot and let’s get out of here.
Amy: Wait, I’m leaving my car here?
Sheldon: Yes, and be sure and put on the emergency brake. Really makes these things tough to budge.
Amy: Before I park, come in the back seat. I want to show you something I had done today.
Sheldon: All right, colour me intrigued.
Amy: What do you think?
Sheldon: I think you’re high on paint fumes. And boy, that’s a lot of Band-Aids.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Penny: Okay, Howard’s mother is in, like, every one of your wedding photos.
Bernadette: What can I tell ya? She’s a big girl. Wherever you look, there she is. More coffee?
Penny: No, Leonard’s taking me to a physics lecture, and coffee’ll just keep me awake. (Knock on door) Oh, I’ll get it.
Amy: Oh, looks like someone’s on Team Bernadette. Where’s Howard?
Bernadette: He’s not here. What’s wrong?
Amy: He had my car towed. It cost me two hundred dollars to get it back.
Bernadette: Oh, no. Where was it parked?
Amy: In Sheldon’s spot.
Bernadette: That doesn’t make sense. Sheldon doesn’t have a spot. Was it maybe in Howard’s spot?
Amy: Don’t play dumb with me, sister. You tell your husband he owes me two hundred dollars.
Bernadette: Well, that doesn’t make sense, either.
Amy: Why not?
Bernadette: Because I’m the one who had it towed.
Amy: You?
Bernadette: Didn’t see that one coming, did ya?
Amy: Oh, yeah? Well, you’re not gonna see this coming. (Swings handbag. Bernadette ducks. Penny is hit in the face)
Penny: Ow! Ow!
Amy: Oh, my God,
Bernadette: Are you okay?!
Penny: You idiot, what the hell do you have in there?!
Amy: Just my wallet, keys and a coffee can full of change I’ve been meaning to take to the bank.
Bernadette: Don’t move. I’ll get some ice.
Amy: Are you okay?
Penny: Get away from me or I swear to God I will rip out what’s left of your pubes!
Bernadette: Here.
Penny: Thanks. Ah!
Bernadette: Amy, you think maybe this has gotten a little out of hand?
Penny: Gee, you think?
Amy: I do. Penny, Bernadette and I are sorry.
Bernadette: You hit her! What did I do?
Amy: You had my car towed.
Bernadette: You were parked in Howard’s spot.
Amy: I was parked in Sheldon’s spot.
Bernadette: Sheldon doesn’t have a spot.
Penny: Guys, I think I need to go to the emergency room.
Bernadette: Okay, let’s go.
Amy: I’ll drive. You can see where the tow truck scratched my car.
Bernadette: The tow truck didn’t scratch your car.
Amy: How do you know?
Bernadette: ‘Cause I did it!
Scene: The parking spot. Sheldon has set up his office in it.
Sheldon: Morning, Professor Stevens. Don’t look at that whiteboard. That’s my math, not your math. Keep walking, nosey.
Howard: What the hell are you doing?
Sheldon: Oh. You said I’m not using my space, so I’m using it.
Howard: Okay, you need to move now.
Sheldon: No, I don’t.
Howard: You can’t stay there forever.
Sheldon: Actually, I have a plastic baggy strapped to my leg that says I can. Give up, Wolowitz. You’ve chosen to tangle with a superior intellect you can’t defeat. There is nothing you could possibly do to… (Howard starts sounding his horn. Sheldon puts on earphones)
Howard: Those aren’t gonna help you, Sheldon,
Sheldon: Oh, yes, they are. I mean, what?
Howard: I’m warning you, Sheldon!
Sheldon: Your threats are empty, nothing can move me. (Howard starts pushing his chair with the front of the car) Stop that.
Howard: Get out of my spot.
Sheldon: No. That’s it. I am calling campus security. You prepare for the scolding of your life.
Leonard: What are you idiots doing?
Sheldon: He’s trying to kill me, Leonard. Video games and rock music have desensitized him to violence.
Howard: Would you please talk some sense into your lunatic roommate?
Leonard: You’re both acting like lunatics. It’s just a parking spot.
Howard: It’s not just a parking spot. He can’t handle the fact that I’m a bigger deal than he is now.
Sheldon: Oh, preposterous. I have been solely responsible for this university’s six loop quantum gravity calculations, I have changed the way we think about Bose-Einstein condensates, and I am also the one who got Nutter Butters in the cafeteria vending machine. Maybe you missed that news while you were floating around like a goof in outer space. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have work to do.
Howard: Can you believe this guy?
Leonard: What I don’t believe is that you tried to run him over.
Howard: Oh, like you’ve never thought of doing that. Don’t hate me just because I lived the dream. (Horn beeps. Sheldon is sitting naked in Howard’s car.) 
Sheldon: Hey, sweet ride.
Howard: What are you doing in there?
Sheldon: Just breaking in your new car.
Howard: Stop that. You stop that.
Sheldon: You know what they say? Revenge is a dish best served nude.
Scene: Sheldon’s office.
Raj: Hey, got a minute?
Sheldon: Oh, of course, come in. (Raj opens door to reveal Howard) This is an authentic Chinese throwing star, and I must warn you, I have seen many people throw them in movies.
Raj: Calm down. Howard has something he wants to say to you.
Howard: All right. Sheldon, when this whole thing with the parking space started, I had no idea just how much of a crazy bastard…
Raj: Howard, that’s not how we practiced it.
Howard: I had no idea how much that spot meant to you. Anyway, I called President Siebert and told him it’s not worth fighting over the spot, so you keep it, and I’ll park in the structure across the street.
Sheldon: Well, Howard, thank you. It’s quite a gesture on your part. You’ve shown yourself to be the bigger man.
Howard: Thank you.
Sheldon: Which I find totally unacceptable. I must be the bigger man. Therefore, you may use my spot until such time as I learn to drive or get a Batmobile.
Howard: Wow, okay. Well, thanks. I don’t know what to say.
Sheldon: There is nothing to say. Except I’m the bigger man. I’m not kidding. Say it.
Raj: Just say it.
Howard: You’re the bigger man, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, stop. And I believe this is yours. FYI, if you wear that into a bank, they will tackle you to the ground.
Scene: The cheesecake factory.
Howard: I’d like to propose a toast, to burying the hatchet.
Sheldon: To burying the hatchet.
Bernadette: You know, I’m kind of glad this happened.
Amy: Me, too. In some weird way, I kind of feel like it brought us closer.
Penny (with two black eyes and a plaster across her nose): Yeah, everybody’s happy, great.
Scene: A dry cleaners.
Shopkeeper: Can I help you?
Sheldon: Yes. According to information I gleaned from Yelp, you had great success when a santeriasuzy37 brought you a pair of leather slacks stained with chicken blood. I believe I may have a similar problem. This cushion experienced a nude revenge wiggle.
Shopkeeper: A what?
Sheldon: A naked man sat on it. Now, here’s my concern, his diet is rich in fatty deli meats. What test do you have to detect lipid residue?
Shopkeeper: Lipid what?
Sheldon: Lipid residue. An anal autograph. A colon calling card, if you will.
Shopkeeper: Tuesday okay?
Sheldon: Don’t rush it. We may be dealing with befoulment on a molecular level.
Shopkeeper: Let me write you a ticket.
Sheldon: Is that your son?
Shopkeeper: Uh-huh.
Sheldon: Looks like that laptop’s seen better days. If you’re interested, I’m selling this. It’s only two years old, 16 gigabytes of RAM, Intel core i7 processor, and I can personally guarantee it has spent less than 20 minutes resting on an astronaut’s penis.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Is anyone else troubled by the Spider-Man theme song?
Leonard: Why would it trouble you? It’s, like, your third favourite cartoon theme song.
Sheldon: It is, right behind do-do-do-do-do Inspector Gadget., and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, heroes in a half-shell.
Howard and Raj (together): Turtle power!
Sheldon: However, the Spider-Man lyrics posit that Spider-Man, Spider-Man does whatever a spider can.
Howard: Yeah, so?
Sheldon: I can think of many things Spider-Man can’t do that a spider can. One, crawl in your ear and die. Two, legally leave Guatemala without a passport. Three, have sex with a spider.
Raj: an we change the subject? Spiders give me the jeebie-jeebies.
Howard: It’s heebie-jeebies.
Raj: I know, but that sounds anti-Semitic. Anyway, I was thinking we could have a little film festival tonight. The theme, movies that killed their franchises.
Leonard: Oh. Like Jaws 4, Indiana Jones 4, Daredevil 1.
Raj: Miss Congeniality 2: Armed and Fabulous. I mean, you know a movie’s bad when my homegirl Sandy B can’t save it.
Leonard: Penny’s working tonight, I’m in.
Howard: Not me. I’m having dinner with Bernadette and her parents.
Leonard: Fun. We know how much you love that.
Howard: It’s torture. Especially with her dad. We have nothing in common.
Sheldon: You know what I like to do when I’m forced to speak with those beneath my intellectual station? I bring up an interesting topic, like the difference between Spider-Man and spiders.
Howard: Thanks, Sheldon. I’ll try that with my father-in-law.
Sheldon: No, you can’t use that one. That’s mine. Uh, try this one for an ice-breaker. Uh, despite popular lore, there is no place in the continental United States, Alaska or Hawaii from which one can dig straight through the centre of the earth and come up in China.
Howard: Great, thank you.
Sheldon: Actually, you can’t have that one either. It’s too good. Sorry.
Raj: What about you, Sheldon? Do you have any plans tonight?
Sheldon: Sadly, yes. Amy’s taking me to a memorial service. It’s for one of her colleagues who is of Asian descent, so my planned conversational gambit is to casually remark that no matter how deep they dig his grave, he’ll never make his way back to China.
Leonard: That should lighten the mood.
Sheldon: What can I say? I put the fun in funeral.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. Oh, right, funeral. (Knock, knock, knock) (solemnly) Amy.
Amy: Hello, Sheldon.
Sheldon: I’m not allowed to wear my Silver Surfer neck tie, but you can wear a bathrobe?
Amy: I think I’m too sick to go to the funeral.
Sheldon: You’re sick? You poor kid. Well, see ya.
Amy: Sheldon, aren’t you gonna take care of me?
Sheldon: Me? No. No, I’m not that kind of doctor.
Amy: But our relationship agreement clearly states that when one of us is sick, the other must take care of them.
Sheldon: Oh, no, I see the confusion. No, the intent behind that clause was to force you to take care of me when I’m ill. When you’re feeling better, you’ll think that’s funny.
Amy: Never mind. Good night, Sheldon.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. I made a commitment in writing to comfort you in times like this. Additionally, you are my girlfriend, and I care about your well-being.
Amy: Thank you, Sheldon.
Sheldon: You’re welcome. Now let’s get this over with.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment. 
Howard: So, how have you been?
Mr. Rostenkowski: Fine.
Howard: Good. Fine is good. How you liking retirement?
Mr. Rostenkowski: It’s fine.
Howard: I’m sensing a theme. You ever really think about the Spider-Man theme song? How’s that dinner coming?
Bernadette: I just put it in. It’s gonna be a while.
Howard: I like rare chicken. Let’s do this.
Bernadette: You could die.
Howard: Death by chicken. That’s a pretty fowl way to go.
Mrs. Rostenkowski: Here’s another beer, honey.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Thank you.
Howard: So, Mrs. Rostenkowski, you took that trip to the Grand Canyon. How was it?
Mrs. Rostenkowski: It was good.
Howard: Had no idea you were the chatty one.
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Sheldon: 102.2. Exactly what it was half an hour ago. It’s like you’re not even trying to get better.
Amy: Sheldon, you don’t get over the flu in half an hour.
Sheldon: Well, not with that attitude.
Amy: I have to say, I’m finding your bedside manner a little lacking.
Sheldon: I’m sorry. I just want you to get better as soon as possible. And with that goal in mind, let me ask you a question. Do you believe in the placebo effect?
Amy: Of course I do. There have been many studies proving its validity.
Sheldon: Great. Now, this may look like a Tic Tac, but it is really a powerful medication specifically designed to cure your illness as well as freshen your breath.
Amy: Sheldon, this isn’t helping. Why don’t you just let me get some rest.
Sheldon: How can you sleep? I’m not done making you feel better. I still have to put a cold rag on your head, sing to you and apply VapoRub to your chest.
Amy: You, you want to rub something on my chest?
Sheldon: Yes. All over it.
Amy: Maybe we should start with that.
Sheldon: Now you’re being a responsible patient. Now, you may notice some tingling.
Amy: Oh, I’m counting on it.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: Okay, dig in.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Hold up. Bless us, O Lord for these Thy gifts which we are about to receive from Thy bounty through Christ our Lord. Amen.
Howard: Took the words right out of my mouth.
Bernadette: So, Dad, have you done any fishing lately?
Mr. Rostenkowski: I’m going next weekend.
Howard: Oh, you like to fish?
Mr. Rostenkowski: Yes.
Howard: Sure. I can hear it in your voice.
Mrs. Rostenkowski: Oh, if he didn’t like it, he wouldn’t go.
Howard: You know, I hadn’t thought of that. (To Bernadette, whispering) Help me.
Bernadette: Hey, Dad, maybe you could take Howard fishing sometime. Give you guys a chance to get to know each other better.
Howard: No, no. We know each other well enough. He’s been talking my ear off all night.
Bernadette: Howie, I think you’d have fun.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Fine, you can tag along.
Bernadette: Terrific. My two favorite fellas gone fishin’.
Howard: Well, hang on a second, Bernie. Next weekend, we have that thing.
Bernadette: What thing?
Howard: You know, the thing.
Bernadette: Oh, that thing. No, I cancelled that thing.
Mr. Rostenkowski: All right, it’s settled. You and I are going fishing.
Howard: Great. (To Bernadette) Thanks for the help.
Scene: The stairwell.
Howard: I’ve never even been fishing. This is gonna be a disaster.
Raj: If you don’t want to look foolish doing something, you should practice. Do you know how many Beef Wellingtons I made by myself before I invited you guys over? I’ll give you a hint. You can see them here, here and here.
Leonard: Raj is probably right. You should get someone to give you some pointers.
Howard: Do either of you guys know how to fish?
Leonard: No.
Raj: No. But if you catch anything, I know how to steam it in banana leaves.
Howard: Come on, we must know somebody who can do manly stuff like this.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: S’up?
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Step one, worms.
Howard: Ew!
Penny: Okay, right there, ew is one of the things you’re not gonna want to say in front of your father-in-law. It’s right up there with icky and get it away. Now pick one up.
Howard: Really?
Penny: You’re gonna have to do it when you’re fishing.
Howard: Okay.
Penny: What are you waiting for?
Howard: I don’t know, for them to die of natural causes.
Penny: Just pick up a worm and put him on this hook.
Howard: Fine. There.
Leonard: I’m no expert, but I think the hook has to go through the worm.
Howard: Fine. Sorry, Mr. Worm. Sherm. Sherm the Worm.
Penny: Hey, don’t name him. Just jab a hook in his face.
Raj: You got this, buddy.
Leonard: Yeah, come on, Howard. Hook that worm.
Raj: You can do it.
Penny: That’s great. Cheerleading, way to man things up.
Scene: Amy’s apartment. 
Sheldon (reading): And the control group displayed significantly fewer genetic abnormalities. But, because of flaws in the experimental design relating to environment and diet, they lived inconclusively ever after. The end.
Amy: That was great. Rub my chest again. (Knock at door) 
Sheldon: No. I need to get you down for a nap. And for some reason, that VapoRub gets you all fired up. (Opens door)
Bernadette: How’s the poor thing?
Sheldon: Oh, I’m hanging in there. Thanks for asking.
Bernadette: Okay, Amy, I brought you some drugs we were working on in the lab. This is proving really good for congestion, but there’s a slight chance it can make your tears burn like acid, so if you take it, happy thoughts.
Sheldon: Uh, I’m going to draw you a soothing bath. Where’s your bath thermometer?
Amy: I don’t have a bath thermometer.
Sheldon: Fine. Then I’m going to draw you a nerve-wracking bath of indeterminate temperature.
Bernadette: This is a really good expectorant. Although some test subjects reported lactating uncontrollably when they heard music.
Amy: Okay, okay, here’s the deal. I don’t need your medicine. I’m not sick.
Bernadette: I don’t understand.
Amy: I got better two days ago. It’s just been so nice having Sheldon take care of me.
Bernadette: So you’ve just been lying to him?
Amy: See the stuff in my nose? Rubber cement.
Bernadette: I don’t mean to be judgy, but this is the kind of thing lunatics do.
Amy: All right. I’ll tell him.
Sheldon (off): Amy, would you be strong enough to bathe yourself, or do you need my help?
Amy: I’ll tell him tomorrow. Mama needs a bath.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Now, let’s assume, by some miracle, you actually catch a fish. You’re going to have to know how to gut it. So, what you’re going to do is you’re going to take your knife, slice him right up the belly. (Howard gags) You want me to stop?
Howard: No, I’m fine. Keep going.
Penny: All right. Now, you don’t want to cut too deep into its guts, or the blood will just squirt all over your face. (Howard, Leonard and Raj gag) Oh, my God. What is with you guys?
Leonard: It’s not our fault. Our dads never did anything like this with us.
Penny: What, never?
Leonard: My dad was an anthropologist. The only father-son time he spent was with a 2,000-year-old skeleton of an Etruscan boy. I hated that kid.
Raj: Mine just took me to his gynecology office. I got so bored, I’d put vaginal lubricant on the bottom of my shoes and pretend I was ice-skating.
Howard: Yeah, well, my quality father-son time was spending my adolescence looking out the window waiting for my dad to come back someday.
Raj: Yeah, okay, Howard wins.
Leonard: You know, maybe we didn’t have opportunities like this when we were growing up, but right now, there’s a dad that wants to take you on a fishing trip.
Howard: You’re right. Oh! I should do this.
Penny: Great. Here you go. What you’re going to do is you’re going to stick your thumb down its throat, grab the guts and pull.
Howard: Here we go. Oh!
Penny: Oh, look, it’s a female. You can see all the eggs. (All the guys gag)
Scene: Amy’s apartment. Amy is dancing to “Walking on Sunshine”. Hears door and turns off stereo.
Amy: Oh, Sheldon, am I glad you’re back. Taking a turn for the worst. I think I’m going to need another bath.
Sheldon: I’m surprised to hear that. See, the other day, I was concerned that you weren’t recovering, so while you were sleeping, I took a cheek swab and had it cultured in the lab.
Amy: Oh?
Sheldon: I got the results back. Have you developed any of the following symptoms? A growing nose, or perhaps a warm sensation in the trouser region? Also known as full-blown liar, liar, pants on fire.
Amy: All right, all right. But I really was sick at the beginning. It’s just been so nice having you take care of me.
Sheldon: It hurts that you would lie to me, Amy. I thought our relationship was based on trust and a mutual admiration that skews in my favour.
Amy: I feel terrible I did this.
Sheldon: It pains me to say it, but I think some form of penalty is in order, so as to discourage this type of behaviour in the future.
Amy: I suppose that’s fair. What do you suggest?
Sheldon: In a perfect world, I’d lock you in a stockade in the public square. That probably requires a permit.
Amy: I could not be allowed to go to the opening of the next Star Trek movie.
Sheldon: Oh, that seems overly harsh. I mean, you gave in to a human weakness, you didn’t kill a man. You know, it’s a tad old-school, but my father was not one to spare the rod when my brother would sneak into his truck and drink his driving whiskey.
Amy: Are you saying you want to spank me?
Sheldon: I don’t want to. But it looks like you left me no choice.
Amy: That’s true. I’ve been a very bad girl.
Scene: Bernadette’s parents’ garage. 
Howard: Hi-ho, hi-ho, it’s off to fish we go.
Mr. Rostenkowski: That’s what you’re wearing?
Howard: No good? The guy at the sporting goods store said these are what fishermen wear.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Maybe in cartoons.
Howard: Wish I had known that before I posted all those pictures on Facebook.
Mr. Rostenkowski: All right, let’s hit the road. I wouldn’t mind shooting some ducks in the morning.
Howard: Wait, now we’re shooting things?
Mr. Rostenkowski: I like using a big shell. You can’t eat them afterwards, but it’s fun watching them blow up.
Howard: Sir, I’m flattered that you invited me, and I really want you to like me, but I don’t think this trip is the way to do it. And I can’t return these things if there’s chunks of duck all over them.
Mr. Rostenkowski: So, why’d you agree to come?
Howard: ‘Cause Bernadette made me.
Mr. Rostenkowski: I tried to back out, too. My wife said I had to go.
Howard: Really? Your wife makes you do stuff? You’re a big, scary cop.
Mr. Rostenkowski: You’re an astronaut, and your wife makes you do things, and she’s only four feet tall.
Howard: So, what do we do now? They expect us to go away for the weekend.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Ah. There’s an Indian casino near Palm Springs. You know how to shoot craps?
Howard: No, but I’m not a stranger to dice games. I was the Temple Beth-El Hebrew School Yahtzee champion.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Mazel tov. I’ll teach you how to play.
Howard: Really? Thank you, sir.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Call me Mike.
Howard: Okay. Oh, boy, we’re just married to a couple of ballbusters, huh, Mike?
Mr. Rostenkowski: That’s my wife and daughter you’re talking about.
Howard: Great couple of gals.
Mr. Rostenkowski: I wouldn’t go that far.
Scene: Amy’s apartment. 
Sheldon: Are you prepared to receive your punishment?
Amy: One second. I want to put on some music.
Sheldon: Why?
Amy: I don’t want to disturb the people next door while you discipline me.
Sheldon: Very well, then. Get over my knee. Let’s begin.
Amy: Oh, my.
Sheldon: Excuse me. You’re not supposed to be enjoying this.
Amy: Then maybe you should spank me harder.
Sheldon: Maybe I will.
Amy: Ooh!
 								
			
				Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Okay, now holding sides of hearth in position, lower mantelpiece assembly onto top tabs.
Leonard: Look at that, I built a fireplace with my own two hands.
Penny: You’re so butch.
Leonard: Aw, I got a little paper cut.
Penny: Of course you did. Your hands are softer than veal.
Leonard: Oh, before I forget, Saturday I’m planning a little Dungeons and Dragons night with the guys.
Penny: Really? That’s how you’re gonna spend your Saturday night?
Leonard: Oh, come on, I hardly ever get a chance to play anymore.
Penny: Oh, you poor thing. Is having a real-life girlfriend who has sex with you getting in the way of your board games?
Leonard: Little bit, yeah.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Oh, great! I’ve always wanted to play Dungeons and Dragons.
Sheldon: Yeah, oh, I’m sorry. I should’ve mentioned this earlier. You’re not invited.
Amy: Why not?
Sheldon: Amy, from time to time, we men need to break free from the shackles of civility and get in touch with our primal animalistic selves.
Amy: By rolling dice and playing make-believe with little figurines?
Sheldon: Yeah, like a bunch of savages.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment. Bernadette is on the webcam.
Bernadette: Saturday night? But I’ve been working late all week. That was gonna be our night.
Howard: But I have to go. We play as a group. If-if I’m not there, then everyone will blame you. They’ll be all, Bernadette ruined everything. She’s the worst. So, you see? I have to play Dungeons and Dragons for the marriage.
Bernadette: You’re an idiot.
Howard: I’m your idiot. Forever.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj: So, listen, I know we talked about getting a bite to eat in Silver Lake, and then seeing the Christmas lights in Griffith Park, but Leonard’s talking about a big D and D game at his place.
Stuart: Saturday night just went from crazy to epic. Woo-hoo!
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: All right, Sheldon, to start our quest you need to open this little Christmas gift I got you.
Sheldon: A Christmas gift? You know I don’t enjoy Christmas.
Stuart: What’s wrong with Christmas?
Sheldon: Oh, where to begin? Trees indoors. Overuse of the words ’tis and ’twas. And the absurd custom of one stocking. Everyone knows socks belong in pairs. Who uses one sock?
Howard:Pirate with a peg leg?
Sheldon: Actually that helps, thank you.
Leonard: Would you just look inside?
Sheldon: Oh, a scroll. I like scrolls. They’re my third favourite system of transmitting the written word. After stone tablets and skywriting. You have all been summoned to join a thrilling Dungeons and Dragons adventure. Your quest begins in a secret northern village of elves who have all been massacred. I like where this is heading. Your task is to rescue their leader from a dungeon of ogres. Oh, that’s a saucy twist. That leader’s name, Santa Claus. No, no, no.
Leonard: It’s actually ho, ho, ho, but you’ll get the hang of it. Thought it’d be fun to make a quest with a holiday theme.
Sheldon: Fun? Mixing Dungeons and Dragons with Christmas is like making a sandwich of grape jelly, the best-tasting jelly, and petroleum jelly, the worst-tasting jelly.
Leonard: Okay, here we go. You find yourselves in the smoking remains of Santa’s village. Clearly, a great battle has taken place.
Raj: Oh, man, the first monster I see, I’m gonna sneak up behind him, whip out my wand, and shoot my magic all over his ass.
Stuart: Do you hear yourself when you say these things?
Leonard: Okay, there are ogre tracks and a trail of broken candy canes in the snow. Sheldon, what do you do?
Sheldon: I signal my contempt for your cruel plan to shove Christmas joy down my throat by making a gesture that says get a load of this guy.
Leonard: Fine. Howard, what do you do?
Howard: I follow the ogre tracks, checking for secret doors along the way.
Leonard: And you discover a secret door leading to a dark corridor.
Howard: Okay, guys, let’s make a plan, spell casters in the back, warriors in the front.
Raj: No, screw that noise, I’m going in. Hang on, Santa, I’m coming for you.
Leonard: Okay, you run into a room full of weapons, hit a trip wire, a cannon blows your face off, you die, you’re out of the game.
Raj: But, a cannon? Am I really out of the game?
Sheldon: Lucky.
Leonard: Okay, come on, moving on.
Raj: Wait, doesn’t anyone have a rod of resurrection? Because if you’ve got one, I need it bad. Get in here with your rod and give it to me.
Stuart: Okay, you need to say these things in your head before you say them out loud.
Penny (entering): Hey, guys. I don’t mean to interrupt your little game, but I thought you’d like to see what you’re missing out on. So, Bernadette? Bernadette’s wearing leopard-print pumps and a rack-tastic red dress from Forever 21. And there’s Amy, showing all kinds of ankle. In an outfit I’m assuming is from Forever 63. And I, myself am wearing a little number that got me out of two speeding tickets and jury duty.
Sheldon: I know they’re making a rhetorical point, I just don’t know what it is.
Penny: See you, boys. We are going drinking.
Raj: Uh, wait, can I come with you? My character died.
Bernadette: Sorry, Raj, it’s girls’ night out.
Amy: Maybe another time.
Leonard: Okay…
Penny: Come on.
Raj: Ooh! Girls’ night, girls’ night! Ooh! Ooh!
Stuart: How does he not hear that?
Scene: A bar.
Amy: So, what’s the plan? Are we gonna teach our fellas a lesson by getting stinking drunk, luring strange men into the bathroom, and turning the toilet stall into a temple of the senses?
Bernadette: No!
Penny: No!
Amy: Geez, who’s Forever 63 now?
Raj: Can we get another bottle of champagne for the table? Don’t worry. It’s my treat.
Amy: Thanks.
Penny: Wow, you should come to girls’ night more often. And not just because if you weren’t here, this would be a can of Pabst.
Raj: My pleasure, nothing makes me happier than the chance to spoil a lady. Just ask my dog. My vet says if I give her any more foie gras, she’s going to die of gout.
Bernadette: Hey, let’s help Raj meet a girl tonight.
Raj: No, no, no, I’m fine.
Penny: Okay, wait, are we talking one-night stand or do we want to get him into a relationship?
Amy: Let’s get him laid!
Raj: Stop it. You’re ruining girls’ night.
Penny: Raj, you’re a great guy, you’re in a bar full of single women, let us help you.
Bernadette: Yeah, you’re a real catch. I know you’re shy, but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t have someone wonderful in your life.
Raj: That’s sweet of you. But what can you do to help?
Bernadette: We’ll nose around, see if we can find a nice girl, and then introduce you.
Raj: Okay. Well, a couple of things. Don’t tell them I come from money. I want them to love me for me. They must be insanely hot. Like, nines or tens.
Penny: Nines or tens?
Raj: Okay, an eight is acceptable if she’s willing to bring another eight to the hot tub.
Bernadette: Bottom line, you’ll take any woman who’ll have you, right?
Raj: In a New Delhi minute.
Scene: The apartment.
Stuart: I don’t remember you buying these miniatures in my store.
Leonard: Oh, uh, yeah. I got ’em on Amazon.
Stuart: Sure. I get it. Why support a friend when you can support a multinational conglomerate that is crushing the life out of that friend?
Leonard: I know, but when I shop online, I can do it on the toilet.
Stuart: Have you seen my store? The whole place is a toilet.
Howard: Can we please move this along?
Leonard: Yeah, sorry. Uh, you come to the end of the tunnel and find a large chest. What do you do? And, Howard, do not say, I feel up the large chest.
Howard: Excuse me, I’m a married man now. I wasn’t going to say anything so juvenile.
Leonard: Great. What do you do?
Howard: I walk up to the large chest, bury my face in it and go “blublublublublublublublu”
Sheldon: I open the chest.
Leonard: It’s locked, but suddenly the door behind you slams shut and now the walls of the room start closing in.
Stuart: That’s not good. My character and I both have claustrophobia.
Leonard: Glowing letters appear on the chest that read, If squashed to death you wish not to be, sing of Svaty Vaclav and his victory.
Howard: Who the hell is Svaty Vaclav?
Leonard: Walls are getting closer.
Stuart: Oh, boy, happy place, happy place.
Sheldon: Wait, Svaty Vaclav was the Duke of Bohemia.
Leonard: You’re ten seconds away from getting crushed. Nine, eight.
Howard: What are we supposed to do?
Leonard: Seven, six.
Sheldon: Wait, wait. Svaty Vaclav is better known as Good King Wenceslas from the beloved Victorian Christmas carol.
Howard: Never heard of it. Must be the one Christmas song not written by a Jewish guy.
Leonard: Three, two.
Stuart: Somebody sing the damn song.
Sheldon: Good King Wenceslas looked out, on the feast of Stephen. When the snow lay ’round about, deep and crisp and even
Leonard: The walls are getting slower.
Sheldon: Brightly shone the moon that night, though the frost was cruel. When a poor man came in sight gathering winter fuel.
Leonard:The walls stop. You’re safe.
Howard: That was amazing, Sheldon.
Stuart: How did you know that?
Sheldon: It was simple. I combined a well-known historical fact about Bohemia with the memory of my grandparents, Mee-Maw and Pop-Pop, singing Christmas carols while I sat in front of the fire and tried to build a high-energy particle accelerator out of Legos.
Leonard: Okay, continuing our quest.
Sheldon: W-W-Wait. There’s still four more verses. You don’t sing a song and not finish it. Hither, page, and stand by me, if thou know’st it, telling. Yonder peasant, who is he? Where and what his dwelling? Brightly shone the moon that night, though the frost…
Scene: The bar. 
Bernadette: Looks like he’s doing pretty good.
Penny: Of course he is. Look, that girl just got dumped by her boyfriend. She’s angry, she’s drunk, and her favorite movie is Slumdog Millionaire. I mean.
Amy: That is some low-hanging fruit.
Bernadette: Oh, here he comes.
Penny: So, how’d it go?
Raj: Great. I bought her a couple of drinks, and she gave me her e-mail address.
Penny: Ooh!
Bernadette: Jennifer at not-even-if-you-were-the-last-guy-on-earth dot loser.
Raj: What?
Bernadette: I’m sorry, Raj.
Raj: Why can’t I find someone? I’m smart, I’ve got a cool job, and my naturally bronzed complexion means I can pull off mustard yellow in a way most guys can’t.
Penny: Oh, honey, it’s not you, it’s them.
Raj: No, it’s not. She was too beautiful for me.
Bernadette: Why would you say that?
Raj: It’s true. I’m always attracted to women I can’t have. I do it all the time. I did the same thing with the two of you.
Amy: The two of them? I don’t understand.
Raj: Well, uh, there was a time when I had a thing for Penny, and I thought she was into me, too, because she got drunk and naked and climbed into bed with me. But apparently I misread those signals.
Amy: And you liked Bernadette also?
Raj: That was before Penny. I make it a rule to only fall for one of my friends’ girlfriends at a time. I’m very old-fashioned that way.
Amy: So at, uh, some point, you probably had a thing for me, too.
Raj: No, not really.
Penny: Oh, come on, Raj, not even a little bit?
Raj: Not that I can think of.
Bernadette: Think harder.
Raj: Nope. I guess the heart wants what the heart wants. Or in this case, doesn’t, I mean, at all. What?
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is still singing.
Sheldon: Ye who now will bless the poor, shall yourselves find blessing. Ba-da-bum.
Howard: Done?
Sheldon: I think the word you’re looking for is bravo.
Leonard: Okay, you leave the room and find yourself standing before a pool of melted snowmen.
Sheldon: Melted snowmen? Are there carrots and lumps of coal in the water?
Leonard: I don’t know. What’s the difference?
Sheldon: Well it’s a game of the imagination, Leonard. Paint a picture.
Leonard: Fine. You leave the room and find yourself standing before a pool of melted snowmen. There are carrots and lumps of coal in the water.
Sheldon: What happened to the top hats and the corncob pipes?
Leonard: You see those, too.
Sheldon: Oh, it’s like I’m really there.
Stuart: I gotta tell you, this, this is the most holiday fun I’ve had since my therapist changed my anxiety medication and I stopped caring about the blood in my stool.
Howard: Good story.
Leonard: What are you drinking there? A little eggnog?
Sheldon: Yes. What, is there a problem?
Leonard: No, it’s nice to see you enjoying a holiday beverage. Pretty Christmassy.
Sheldon: Since when is eggnog a Christmas drink? Eggs are available all year ’round. I’ve been known to enjoy this poolside.
Leonard: Come on, Sheldon. You know all the Christmas stories, and the carols, you’ve got an eggnog moustache going on there. Just admit it. You’re getting a little Yuletide spirit.
Sheldon: Oh, don’t be silly. Christmas is a bunch of baloney created by the tinsel industry. Why is this so important to you?
Leonard: Honestly, because I had enough crappy Christmases as a kid and I’m tired of you sucking the joy out of them now.
Stuart: What was so bad about them?
Leonard: I grew up in a house full of crazy academics. Instead of leaving Santa milk and cookies, we had to leave him a research paper. And in the morning, you could tell he’d been there because the paper would be graded.
Sheldon: No wonder you love Christmas. That sounds amazing.
Leonard: It wasn’t amazing. I got a C-minus four years in a row.
Sheldon: Yeah, I’m familiar with your work. C-minus was your gift.
Scene: The bar.
Raj: Amy, I’m really sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you.
Amy: It’s fine. I’m used to being the girl who never gets looked at twice. I didn’t have my first kiss till I was 22, and the guy only did it so I’d give him back his insulin.
Bernadette: Sometimes the pancreas wants what the pancreas wants.
Amy: Forget it. I don’t expect you guys to understand.
Raj: I understand. In seventh grade, I played Spin the Bottle and it landed on Alina Shankar. She said if I came near her, she would break the bottle and cut me.
Amy: You think that’s bad? In college, I passed out at a frat party and woke up with more clothes on.
Raj: Sometimes I get so lonely, I sit on my left hand until it goes numb, then I put it in my right hand and pretend I’m holding hands with another person.
Amy: I do that, too. Sometimes the left hand tries to cop a feel. And I let it.
Raj: It’s kind of nice to talk to someone who understands what it feels like to be alone.
Amy: It is, isn’t it?
Raj: But you’re not alone anymore. Now you’ve got Sheldon.
Amy: I do. And don’t worry, someday you’ll have somebody, too.
Raj: Thank you. I hope she’s half as lovely and amazing as you are.
Amy: Thank you, Rajesh. He wants me, I’m good. We can go now.
Raj: Damn it.
Penny: What?
Raj: Now that I know she doesn’t like me, I’m kind of into her.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is writing numbers on a whiteboard.
Sheldon: All right. I think I cracked the code to lower the drawbridge.
Howard: Great. Let’s do it. (They pick up bells and play according to the numbers. The tune is Jingle Bells)
Leonard: The drawbridge is lowering.
Stuart: My carpal tunnel’s acting up.
Sheldon: Play through the pain.
Leonard: You did it. The drawbridge is down. You cross the chasm and find yourself in a small dungeon room. And in the corner, chained to the wall, you see a bloodied and beaten Santa Claus. He says, ho, ho, help me.
Howard: Yes, we found Santa. Christmas is saved. Don’t ever tell my mother I said that.
Stuart: I take out my skeleton key and run to Santa to unchain him.
Sheldon: But first, I cast a spell of paralysis on Stuart and Howard.
Howard: Wait, what are you doing?
Sheldon: You can’t talk, you’re paralyzed. I get right up in Santa’s big, fat face and say, well, well, well, jolly old Saint Nick, we meet again. Yeah, I believe the last time we spoke was in the Baybrook Mall in Galveston, Texas, when I was five years old, isn’t that right?
Leonard: Uh, okay.
Sheldon: My mother dragged me there and she plopped me down on your lap and you asked me what I wanted for Christmas. And I told you, my Pop-Pop, because that was the year my grandfather died. I missed him and I wanted him back.
Leonard: This is weird, right?
Sheldon: Pop-Pop was the only one in my family who encouraged me to pursue science. But you didn’t bring him back, did you? No, instead, I got Lincoln Logs. Well, you can build a lot of neat things out of Lincoln Logs, but Pop-Pop ain’t one of ’em. And now you’re here asking me for something, to save you. Well, sorry, Mr. Kringle, but today’s not your day. I’m leaving you here to rot, and I hope the ogres feast on your bones. I take the skeleton key, and I toss it into the chasm, and on the way out, I give Santa a swift kick in his bowl full of jelly!
Leonard: Okay. So Wolowitz and Stuart are paralyzed, Santa’s dead, and I picked this over having sex with my girlfriend.
Scene: The apartment, late at night. 
Sheldon: Santa?
Santa: Oh, hello, Sheldon. You should be asleep.
Sheldon: Well, then, you shouldn’t have jingle bells on your boots.
Santa: Oh. I’ve been wanting to talk to you. I’m sorry I disappointed you when you were a little boy. I can do a lot of magical things, but unfortunately bringing your Pop-Pop back isn’t one of them.
Sheldon: I understand.
Santa: But I do have something special for you. Close your eyes.
Sheldon: Oh, I hope it’s a train.
Santa: Oh, it’s better than a train.
Sheldon: Two trains?
Santa: Better.
Sheldon: I’m getting three trains.
Santa: Okay, open ’em. (It’s a cannon, pointed at Sheldon) This is for leaving me in the dungeon to be eaten alive by ogres!
Sheldon: Wait, uh, uh, hang on. In my defense…
Santa: Ho, ho, ho, ya big dork. (Fires cannon)
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Well, I must say, Leonard, when I first heard your idea for Giant Jenga, I was sceptical.
Leonard: I can’t blame you. Tiny Twister was a complete bust.
Sheldon: No, I was wrong. The looming threat of being crushed under a pile of lumber does add a certain spice. I’ve never felt so alive. (Answers door) Oh, hello, Alex. Uh, let me go get you last night’s recordings.
Leonard: What recordings?
Sheldon: Well, you remember when you told me I talk in my sleep? Well, it occurred to me that, like most things I say, it’s probably pure gold. So I started recording it all, and now Alex gets to comb through eight hours of what I like to call Sheldon After Dark.
Alex: Hey, Leonard.
Leonard: Hey. Just playing a little Giant Jenga here.
Alex: Oh, I know, I’m the one who had to buy him the helmet. So, do you have any plans this weekend?
Leonard: Well, most of Saturday’s gonna be figuring out where to put this game when we’re done. How about you?
Alex: Oh, I’m gonna go see Kip Thorne give a lecture on subatomic space-time.
Leonard: Ooh. That’s his take on John Wheeler’s quantum foam. That should be great.
Alex: Well, if you want, you can come with me.
Leonard: Ah, I’d love to, but I’m supposed to hang out with Penny.
Alex: Well, bring her.
Leonard: Well, she’s not really into that kind of stuff.
Alex: Yeah, okay. Well, if you want to hear about the lecture, I can tell you all about it at work, or, you know, over dinner sometime.
Leonard (jumping and knocking over the Jenga): What?
Sheldon: Jenga, I win!
Credits sequence.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Howard: Oh, come on, that can’t be true.
Raj: I did the research. Tony the Tiger, Dig’em the Frog, Cap’n Crunch, Toucan Sam, Count Chocula, Trix the Rabbit, Snap, Crackle and Pop. Not one cereal mascot is a girl. It’s a total breakfast sausage fest.
Leonard: Are we done with this?
Raj: Almost. Franken Berry, Boo Berry, Sugar Bear and the Honey Nut Cheerio bee, I believe his name is Buzz.
Leonard: Terrific. Something weird happened and I don’t know what to do about it.
Howard: What’s going on?
Leonard: Sheldon’s assistant asked me on a date last night.
Raj: How could you do that to me? You know I’ve been working it with Alex for weeks.
Leonard: Working it? You can’t even talk to her.
Raj: I talk with my eyes.
Howard: You look like my little cousin when he’s dropping one in his diaper.
Leonard: She knows I have a girlfriend. It’s so weird.
Raj: Oh, my God. You’re loving this.
Leonard: To my bones. I mean, I’m not gonna do anything about it. I love Penny. It’s just nice to have a young, attractive woman sniffing around the goods.
Raj: I both hate you and want to be you. This is Ryan Gosling all over again.
Sheldon: Ah, gentlemen, what is on the conversational menu this morning?
Raj: Leonard stole my woman, and he knew full well I was only six to eight months away from making my move.
Leonard: I didn’t steal anyone.
Raj: Your assistant is totally hitting on this jerk and he loves it.
Sheldon: Well, that’s not acceptable. I mean, I’m her boss. She needs to be solely focused on my needs, not distracted by your pasty, androgynous brand of sexuality.
Leonard: I’m androgynous?
Sheldon: Oh, please. Look at you with your pouty bee-stung lips.
Leonard: What do you guys think I should do?
Raj: I say you tell Alex your heart belongs to Penny, I provide her a shoulder to cry on, and then roughly half a year later I give it to her good.
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Sheldon: I want to thank you all for coming on such short notice. Uh, in the past, I’ve reached out to each of you individually, but I believe my present situation requires the collective wisdom of the group, which as you can see from your commemorative T-shirts I have dubbed Sheldon Cooper’s Council of Ladies.
Penny: What is happening?
Sheldon: I need your advice about a delicate workplace situation. Uh, to protect those involved, I’ll be changing their names.
Bernadette: Who’s involved?
Sheldon: Well, a short, bespectacled colleague of mine who lives in the shadow of his brilliant roommate. Let’s call this colleague Ricardo Shilly-Shally.
Penny: You’re talking about Leonard.
Sheldon: No, no, Shilly-Shally has red hair and, uh, he briefly served in the Mexican Navy. Anyway, despite the fact that he has a girlfriend, Shilly-Shally has been the recipient of inappropriate workplace flirtations from a young lady.
Amy: It’s your assistant Alex, isn’t it?
Sheldon: No. No. No. This is Tondelaya della Ventimiglia.
Penny: Wait, what the hell’s going on with Leonard and Alex?
Sheldon: No, uh, no, I’m sorry. Who’s talking about Leonard and Alex?
Penny: Fine. Ricardo and Tondelaya.
Sheldon: Okay, look, it’s not really about Ricardo and Tondelaya. It is really about her boss, who doesn’t quite know how to handle this situation and could use your advice, which is surprising because Dr. Einstein Von Brainstorm, he’s usually pretty smart about these things.
Penny: I’m gonna kill her.
Bernadette: I’m sure you’ve got nothing to worry about. Leonard would never cheat on you.
Amy: She’s right. But say the word, I got a lab full of cocaine-addicted monkeys with nothing to lose. One of them could end up in the backseat of her car. Or her shower.
Sheldon: Ladies, ladies, please. We’re not here to talk about Penny, okay? We’re here to talk about me. Uh, I mean Einstein Von Brainstorm. Oh, darn it! All right, I guess the cat’s out of the bag. Let me explain what’s going on. Ricardo is really Leonard.
Penny: We know what’s going on, Sheldon!
Sheldon: Well, what should I do?
Bernadette: Well, Alex is your employee. If she’s doing something that’s making Leonard uncomfortable, you should talk to her.
Sheldon: Oh, no, he’s not uncomfortable at all. No, he’s loving it. Yeah, he’s strutting around like he’s five-foot-six.
Penny: What? He’s loving it?
Bernadette: Sheldon, you need to talk to Alex right away.
Sheldon: Talk to her? That’s all you’ve got? With a cool name like Sheldon Cooper’s Council of Ladies, I really expected more. Give me back the T-shirts.
Scene: Sheldon’s office.
Sheldon: Alex, check my schedule. What does my afternoon look like?
Alex: I think it’s pretty wide open. Oh, wait. Here’s something at four o’clock. Give Alex a talking to?
Sheldon: Well, that snuck up on us, didn’t it?
Alex: Is there a problem?
Sheldon: Let’s not call it a problem. Let’s call it an opportunity. To solve a serious problem.
Alex: What did I do?
Sheldon: You don’t know? Oh, you poor dear. Your ovaries are squirting so much goofy juice into your brains you don’t even know which way is up. You made an inappropriate sexual advance towards Dr. Hofstadter.
Alex: What? I didn’t make a sexual advance on anybody.
Sheldon: Now, there’s no need to get defensive. I’m not unsympathetic to your plight. My father used to say that a woman is like an egg salad sandwich on a warm Texas day.
Alex: What?
Sheldon: Full of eggs and only appealing for a short time.
Alex: This conversation is making me uncomfortable.
Sheldon: Yeah, you and me both, sister. Now, please understand, I don’t hold you responsible for your behaviour because, see, from an evolutionary standpoint, you’re a slave to your desire to reproduce. But during the work day, when you feel possessed by amorous intent, may I suggest that you suppress it by leafing through this illustrated book of sexually transmitted diseases? Let’s see here. Oh, yes. Check out this oozy doozy.
Alex: I have to go.
Sheldon: So does this fellow, but he can’t without it burning like hot soup.
Scene: The stairwell.
Leonard: Hey, pretty lady.
Penny: Oh, you seem extra happy.
Leonard: Uh, I guess I am.
Penny: Any particular reason why?
Leonard: I don’t know, just having a good day. This morning Sheldon fell asleep on the way to work, so I got to listen to the radio. That was pretty crazy.
Penny: Mm-hmm. Anything else?
Leonard: Mm. I found this quiz online called Which Star Trek Character Are You? and it only took me four tries to get Captain Kirk.
Penny: That’s great.
Leonard: Oh. It. Was.
Penny: Hmm. Well, I’m glad you’re having such a great day.
Leonard: Yeah. And the one thing that could make it even better is an evening with my special girl.
Penny: Oh, and who’s that?
Leonard: What do you mean?
Penny: Oh, I just didn’t know if you meant me or Alex.
Leonard: Um, why would I mean Alex?
Penny: Because I know she hit on you and I know you liked it.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Don’t play dumb with me, Ricardo Shilly-Shally!
Leonard: I’m missing something. (Enters apartment. To Sheldon) Did you say something to Penny about Alex?
Sheldon: Oh, yes. Yeah, and a fat lot of good it did me. All she did was get mad at you.
Leonard: Why would you do that?
Sheldon: I needed advice about a woman. I would have asked you, but if the last few years have proven anything, it’s that you can’t tell a uterus from a unicycle.
Leonard: At least I know not to blab to a girl about somebody flirting with her boyfriend.
Sheldon: Good to know. Yeah, a few more helpful hints like that, you may find yourself on the Council of Ladies. (Answering phone) Hello. I see. Uh, what time? Very well, then. Huh. That was the Human Resources Department at the university. Apparently, my assistant Alex has filed a complaint accusing me of inappropriate behaviour in the workplace.
Leonard: Oh, my God, what did you do?
Sheldon: Hmm, let me think. Nothing. I’m a delight.
Scene: The Human Resources Department.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Human Resources Department. (Knock, knock, knock) Human Resources Department. (Knock, knock, knock) Human Resources Department.
HR Woman: Come in.
Sheldon: Hello.
HR Woman: Ah, Dr. Cooper, have a seat.
Sheldon: Thank you.
HR Woman: I called you in today because your assistant Alex Jensen has lodged a complaint against you.
Sheldon: So I’ve been told. But I can’t understand what she has to complain about. I mean, she has a front-row seat as I make scientific history. There’s string cheese in my mini-fridge, and that’s for anyone. Yeah, and just yesterday I led her away from a life of sexual promiscuity by making her look at pictures of disease-ridden genitalia.
HR Woman: Cancel my next appointment. This is gonna take a while. Dr. Cooper, you said things to your employee that you just cannot say in the workplace.
Sheldon: Like what?
HR Woman: Well, according to Ms. Jensen, you said that she was a slave to her biological urges and called her an egg salad sandwich. I don’t even know what that means, but I’m gonna go ahead and tell you you can’t say it.
Sheldon: Oh! I see the confusion here. No, no, Alex thought I was singling her out. No. I meant that all women are slaves to their biological urges, you know? Even you. You’re a slave.
HR Woman: I’m a what?
Sheldon: Well, y-you, I-I’m just saying, you know, at a certain point in a woman’s menstrual cycle…
HR Woman: Whuh-ah! Woah! You can’t talk about that, either, Dr. Cooper. Your language is entirely inappropriate, and I’m gonna advise that you shut your mouth right now.
Sheldon: I don’t see why I’m the one being persecuted here. Dr. Hofstadter, he was bragging about his sexual desirability to anyone who would listen. You know, and Howard Wolowitz, he spent two years using university resources building a six-breasted sex robot. Oh, and at the office Christmas party, I heard Rajesh Koothrappali refer to you several times as Brown Sugar.
HR Woman (writing): Hofstadter… Wolowitz… and the last one was Rajesh Koothrappali?
Sheldon: Yes. No, yeah, but in his defense, that wasn’t racist. He’s also brown.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. Penny answers the door. Leonard is playing his cello outside.
Leonard (singing): I’m sorry Alex hit on me, hit on me, hit on me. I’m sorry Alex hit on me, I’d no idea I’m cute.
Penny: Oh, damn it, you are.
Leonard: Please forgive me. I should have told you about Alex.
Penny: I don’t care about Alex. Fine, I care. Okay, I hate that bitch. But what really hurt is that you liked it so much. I mean, do I need to be worried?
Leonard: Of course not. No. Why?
Penny: Because, she is pretty and smart, and when you talk about work, she doesn’t have to go home and look up words in the dictionary to understand what you said.
Leonard: You do that?
Penny: No.
Leonard: Hang on. Are you feeling insecure? Because that’s my thing, and if you take it away, I don’t know what I’m bringing to this relationship.
Penny: Yes, Leonard, I am insecure. Happy?
Leonard: No, I’m not happy.
Penny: Why are you smiling?
Leonard: I’m sorry. I just never think of you having feelings like that.
Penny: Well, I do.
Leonard: Why? Nothing is ever going to happen between me and Alex.
Penny: Good.
Leonard: Come here. Tell you a secret?
Penny: What’s that?
Leonard: With all these women chasing me, I kind of do feel like Captain Kirk.
Penny: Can I tell you a secret?
Leonard: Sure.
Penny: Keep talking about Captain Kirk, and we’re all gonna stop.
Leonard: Message received. Ah, excuse me. (Answering phone) Hello. This is Dr. Hofstadter. Okay. All right, thank you. That’s weird. I’m getting called in to Human Resources.
Penny: What did you do?
Leonard: I don’t know.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s kitchen.
Howard: Huh. I just got called in to Human Resources.
Bernadette: Why?
Howard: I don’t know.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj: Huh. That is so strange. Human Resources wants to talk to me tomorrow. (To his dog) Could you stop licking your ass for two minutes? I have a problem here.
Scene: Human Resources department.
Howard: Do you really think you should be drinking right now?
Raj: How else am I supposed to talk to the Human Resources lady?
Howard: I don’t know. Seek professional help?
Raj: I did. The guy at the liquor store said this stuff tastes great in coffee.
Howard: Wait, you got called in, too? What is going on?
Leonard: Sheldon threw us all under the bus.
Howard: Oh.
Raj: I feel like I’ve been called down to the principal’s office. Although I wouldn’t mind if Brown Sugar suspended me. From a sex swing. This may have been a mistake.
Howard: Relax. Everything’s gonna be fine. Before I met Bernadette I was in here every other day. Uh, little tip, turn off your I Like Big Butts ringtone before you go in.
Raj: Well, this is all your fault.
Leonard: How is this my fault?
Raj: If you weren’t screwing around with Sheldon’s assistant, none of this would be happening.
Leonard: I wasn’t screwing around with anyone.
Raj: Oh, of course not. She was just sniffing around your goods because she was hunting for truffles.
HR Woman: Ah, Mr. Wolowitz, it’s been a while.
Howard: Hey, Janine. How are Tom and the kids?
Janine: Fine. You must be Dr. Hofstadter.
Leonard: Yes, but I think this is all a big misunderstanding.
Raj: Yeah, yeah, me, too. I didn’t do anything.
Janine: Is that alcohol on your breath?
Raj: Howard built a sex robot.
Howard: That is not true. All I did was build a robot.
Janine: Did it have six breasts?
Howard: I’m sorry, I’m a feminist, I don’t notice things like how many breasts a robot has.
Sheldon: Well, hello.
Leonard: What are you doing here?
Sheldon: Actually, I came to speak to Mrs. Davis.
Janine: And I’m a little busy right now.
Sheldon: But I came to file a complaint. Somebody has made me feel uncomfortable in the workplace by using language of an inappropriate and sexual nature.
Janine: And who was that?
Sheldon: You, you dirty birdie. I-I thought about the things you said to me yesterday, and I realized I’m deeply offended. Now, be a dear and get me one of those complaint forms.
Janine: That’s it. All of you, in my office now!
Sheldon: And thanks to you, I know better than to ask if you’re menstruating. And based on your behaviour, I don’t have to.
Scene: Sheldon’s office.
Sheldon: It has been pointed out to me that some of the things I said to you could be construed as offensive, and I would like to offer you my sincerest apology.
Alex: Thank you, Dr. Cooper.
Sheldon: Yeah, additionally, you should know that the university has mandated that I take an online sexual harassment seminar so this sort of thing doesn’t happen in the future.
Alex: Okay.
Sheldon: Yeah. Now, unfortunately, uh, my time is much too valuable to waste on nonsense like this, so, um, I’m gonna need you to take it for me. Oh, and, uh, you’d better ace it, they’re pretty mad.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: So, hey, I was thinking about that stuff with Alex.
Leonard: Oh, would you stop worrying about that?
Penny: I can’t help it. But, look, I figured I could sit around and feel insecure, or I could do something about it. So I got a course catalogue at school and looked at some of the science classes.
Leonard: That’s great.
Penny: No, it isn’t, they are extremely boring. I mean, how do you not kill yourself, like, every day? Anyway, I decided I don’t need to be a scientist, I could just look like one. So I bought these.
Leonard: Glasses? I really don’t think that’s gonna change… oh, my God, you look so smart and hot.
Penny: I know, right? Watch this. Molecules.
Leonard: Okay, come with me.
Penny: Where are we going?
Leonard: To my bedroom, so I can take everything off but those glasses. And maybe the boots.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is steaming a Star Trek uniform.
Leonard: Hey, will you steam my uniform next?
Sheldon: Interesting. Do you recall this conversation? Leonard, want to go halfsies on a steamer? No, Sheldon, we don’t need a steamer. Looks like that rumpled chicken’s come home to roost.
Penny: Hi. Here are the make-up sponges you asked for.
Leonard: Oh, thanks, I thought I had more.
Penny: Damn, you’ve got more makeup than I do. You’ve got better makeup than I do. Yeah, I’m borrowing this.
Leonard: Hey, hey, hey, hey. This is my Comic-Con makeup. I love you, but there are some things a man doesn’t share with his girlfriend.
Sheldon: That’s a wise policy. I once borrowed my sister’s makeup for a costume contest. Got a terrible case of pinkeye. But luckily, I was going as a zombie. I won second place.
Penny: I feel like you guys just went to Comic-Con.
Leonard: That was San Diego Comic-Con. This is Bakersfield Comic-Con.
Penny: Is that better?
Leonard: Well, it’s a lot smaller. It’s more about the comic books. The way these conventions used to be before they went all Hollywood.
Sheldon: So to answer your question, no, it’s not better.
Penny: Well, then why are you going?
Sheldon: It’s a comic book convention. You know, it’s like pizza or particle accelerators, even the stinky one’s still pretty good.
Penny: All right. Well, you guys have fun. I guess I’ll see you Sunday night.
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: Oh, hang on a second. (Hands her the day’s newspaper) Hold this. (Photographs the two of them together)
Penny: What was that for?
Leonard: To show people when they don’t believe me.
Credits sequence.
Scene: A restaurant.
Penny: Oh, this is the best. You have booze with breakfast on a Tuesday, you got a problem. You do it on the weekend, you got brunch.
Amy: Sheldon doesn’t believe in brunch. He can’t stand being at a table where one person’s having an omelette and another person’s having a sandwich.
Bernadette: He’s not exhausting at all.
Penny (receiving text): Oh. It’s Leonard. He says they’re on the road and headed for Bakersfield at warp speed. Maybe it’s the mimosa, but I’m gonna give the kid an LOL.
Bernadette: It’s cute how excited they are. You should have seen Howard sewing his costume all week for the convention.
Amy: When did Howard learn to sew?
Bernadette: When he was a little boy, every couple months, he would have to let his mom’s pants out.
Amy: I don’t even understand why they go to these conventions.
Penny: I know. The four of them work at a major university. They’re all super smart. How can they still be into something made for 12-year-olds?
Bernadette: I don’t mind it. I think Howie’s just in touch with his inner child. Although when he comes to bed in his Batman pyjamas, sometimes it feels like I’m touching his inner child.
Amy: It’s probably because they were bullied growing up. In a world where you can’t fight back, superheroes provide meaningful wish-fulfillment.
Penny: Mmmm. Now I feel bad for picking on all those kids. Although, in my defence, if Danny Biffle didn’t want to eat a mouthful of dirt, he shouldn’t have shown up to school wearing a bow tie.
Bernadette: I’ve never even read a comic book. You guys?
Penny: Uh-uh.
Amy: No.
Bernadette: I mean, it’s such an important part of their lives. Maybe we should try reading some.
Amy: Seriously?
Bernadette: The comic book store isn’t far from here.
Penny: That is an amazing idea. Okay, how many of these have I had?
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Sheldon: I think you should turn on the GPS.
Leonard: It is on.
Sheldon: But the turn-by-turn voice option isn’t on. I know I’d feel more safe if you turn on the turn-by-turn voice option. I love the turn-by-turn voice option.
Howard: Has it really only been ten miles?
Leonard: I’m turning it on, but just to shut you up.
GPS (in Sheldon’s voice): Leonard, bear left and continue on Interstate 210.
Sheldon: Ooh, sounds like that fellow knows what he’s talking about. I’d put on my listening ears if I were you.
Leonard: What did you do?
Sheldon: I found a hack online. I was able to upload MP3 recordings of my voice to your GPS.
Raj: That is so cool.
Leonard: Counterpoint, no, it’s not.
GPS: Continue on Interstate 210 for five miles. Here’s an interesting fact about interstates.
Leonard: Really?
Sheldon: Shh, he said it’s interesting.
GPS: Interstates are numbered as follows. Even-numbered routes run east and west, odd-numbered routes run north and south. Three-digit route numbers indicate bypasses or spurs.
Howard: Look, Leonard, there’s a bridge. Drive off it.
Raj: You know, we’re not that far from Vazquez Rocks.
Sheldon: Oh, they shot a lot of Star Trek episodes out there.
Howard: We’ve got our costumes in the trunk. We could go there and have a little photo shoot.
Raj: Great idea. I haven’t had a carbohydrate in two weeks. These cheekbones need to be in front of a camera before I eat a pretzel and they’re gone.
Leonard: Yeah, that sounds fun.
Sheldon: Oh, smashing. Now, Leonard, do you know how to get there?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Yeah, well luckily, someone in the car does.
GPS: Recalculating. While we’re waiting, do you know which president signed the Intestate Highway System Act into law? The answer, coming up in 14 miles.
Sheldon: None of you will get it. It’s Eisenhower.
Scene: The comic book store.
Bernadette: Why are they staring?
Amy: Who cares? Just soak it in. Hello, boys.
Stuart: Oh, hey. Could you please stop staring? They’re just girls. It’s nothing you haven’t seen in movies or in drawings.
Penny: Hey, Stuart.
Stuart: What brings you guys here?
Bernadette: We were looking for a recommendation about comic books.
Stuart: Oh, well, I recommend you don’t open a store and sell them.
Penny: No, we were just wondering why the guys like this stuff so much, so we thought we’d give it a try.
Stuart: Oh, okay. What do you think you might be into? Superhero, fantasy, graphic novels, manga… I swear I will turn a hose on you.
Bernadette: What kind of comics do the guys like?
Stuart: Um, a little bit of everything. Mostly superhero stuff.
Amy: All right, well, who’s the best superhero?
Stuart: Shh! You can’t ask a question like that in here. Are you trying to start a rumble?
Penny: Well then, what do you recommend?
Stuart: Well, uh, let’s see. You’ve got your basic clean-cut good guys, Superman, Spider-Man, Captain America. Then you have your darker anti-heroes, your Batman, your Wolverine, Punisher.
Amy: Ooh, I do love a bad boy.
Penny: As evidenced by your boyfriend and his fear of hamsters.
Stuart: If I were you, I’d go for Fables number one. The artwork is sophisticated, it’s intelligently written, and it doesn’t objectify or stereotype women.
Penny: Ooh, Thor! He’s hot.
Stuart: Yeah, he kind of is.
Scene: Vasquez Rocks. Sheldon, dressed as Data, is having his makeup put on by Raj, dressed as Worf.
Raj: And we’re blending, and we’re blending, and we’re done.
Sheldon: I know Mr. Data isn’t supposed to smile, but here it comes.
Howard (dressed as a Borg): Come on, guys. Let’s do this.
Leonard (dressed as Captain Picard): Yeah, I’m sweating my bald cap off.
Howard: So what’s our first pose going to be?
Raj: I say we begin with a classic Star Trek fight scene.
Leonard: I’ll set the timer.
Howard: Sheldon, how is that a fight pose?
Sheldon: Mr. Data’s weapon is his mind. I’m wielding it.
Raj: Phasers on the Borg! Charlie’s Angels.
Howard: Okay, what’s next?
Raj: Now let’s do some sexy glamour shots. I’ll set the mood. (Rhythmically) Oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, Yeah, nice one, oontz, oontz. That’s right. Oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz…
Howard: Oh, my God. Leonard, someone’s stealing your car!
Leonard: What? Hey, hey! Come back here!
Raj: Stop!
Sheldon: Stealing is against the law!
Leonard: I don’t believe this.
Howard: Son of a bitch.
Raj: I’ll call 911. What, oh, no, my phone is in my other pants.
Howard: Oh, so is mine.
Leonard: Mine, too. Anybody got any ideas?
Sheldon: Nope. The only thing left to do now is assign blame. (To Raj) Nice going.
Scene: The side of the road.
Leonard: What kind of a person steals another person’s car in broad daylight?
Sheldon: What kind of person leaves his keys in the car?
Leonard: I thought we agreed this was all Koothrappali’s fault.
Sheldon: You’re right. Nice going.
Howard: Car.
Raj: What is wrong with people? Why don’t they stop?
Sheldon: Maybe we’re better off. What if we were to get in a car with a crazy person?
Leonard: Look at us, Sheldon. We’re the crazy people.
Sheldon: Well, perhaps we should hold up a sign that assures passing motorists of our mental competence.
Howard: Good idea. Why don’t you get started on that?
Leonard: Come on, let’s just start walking. There’s got to be a gas station or something nearby.
Sheldon: What, you think just because you’re wearing a captain’s uniform, you’re in charge?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: All right.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Hmm, okay, I’m done. How did you guys finish so fast?
Bernadette: I don’t know, there were a lot of pictures, and one page only had the word brakkadoom!
Penny: Yeah, well, I have street smarts.
Bernadette: So, what’d you guys think?
Amy: Well, there was a lot of action.
Penny: Mmm.
Amy: And the story moved along at a brisk pace. It was, overall, what’s the word I’m looking for?
Penny: Stupid?
Amy: So stupid.
Penny: I don’t know how Leonard can get so caught up in this.
Bernadette: It’s crazy, they spend hours arguing about things that don’t even exist.
Amy: What a waste of time.
Penny: I know. A hammer so heavy that no one else can pick it up?
Bernadette: I don’t think it’s heavy. It’s some sort of magic, so only Thor can lift it.
Penny: That makes even less sense, I mean…
Amy: No, no, no, it doesn’t. Thor is a god. The hammer is his, only he can use it. It’s like Sheldon and his toothbrush. Or his thin, beckoning lips.
Penny: Okay, hang on, what if Thor’s hand is on the hammer? I mean, if he’s touching it with his god magic, does that mean I could lift it?
Bernadette: No.
Amy: Yes.
Penny: Well, which is it?
Amy: Maybe we missed something.
Bernadette: Let’s read it again.
Penny: Okay.
Amy: Yeah.
Bernadette: You want some tea?
Amy: Good idea. I’ll help you.
Penny: Wait, I thought we were reading.
Amy: We are. We’re just, uh, giving you a head start.
Scene: The desert.
Howard: I wish my mom was here. We could all hang out in her shadow.
Raj: Wool pants in the desert. I feel like I’ve got poached testicles.
Leonard: Oh, you poor thing, you’re sweating. That’s so much worse than having your car stolen.
Raj: Insurance is gonna buy you a new car. It’s not gonna de-funk my junk.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, a little less bellyaching. We’re Starfleet officers and a member of the Borg Collective.
Leonard: Please, Sheldon, I am so not in the mood.
Sheldon: Leonard, all our lives we have dreamed of finding ourselves inside one of the fantasy worlds we love. And look at us. At this moment, we are, in fact, a Star Trek landing party stranded in an alien and unforgiving environment, relying only on our wits, our fortitude and our moxie. As long as we have those things, nothing can stop…
Guys in Passing Car (throwing a drink over Sheldon): Nerds!
Sheldon: I hate this planet.
Scene: Penny’s Apartment.
Amy: It says right here on the hammer, whoever holds this hammer, if he be worthy, shall possess the power of Thor.
Bernadette: Hold on, who decides who’s worthy? Does the hammer decide?
Penny: Yes!
Amy: No! It can’t decide. It’s a hammer.
Penny: You said it’s a magic hammer.
Amy: Yeah, but, it can’t make decisions.
Penny: If Harry Potter’s wand can make decisions, why can’t Thor’s hammer?
Amy: Okay, if you’re going to start comparing wands and hammers, I can’t even take you seriously.
Scene: A diner.
Sheldon: Hello. Hello. Uh, uh, uh, four glasses of water, please. Anything for you guys?
Leonard: Can I use your phone? Our car got stolen.
Waitress: Why don’t you ask Scotty to beam you up?
Sheldon: Scotty was on the original series, and we’re Next Generation. So, joke’s on you.
Howard: We’re not with him.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Amy: You can’t pick something up in outer space. In space, there is no up.
Penny: Oh, yeah? Then how does the sun come up every day?
Amy: Hard to argue with those kind of street smarts.
Bernadette: Leonard and Sheldon have boxes of comics across the hall. Why don’t we go look at those?
Penny: Oh, great. Yes. And then you will see, I am not wrong, because if we were in outer space, then anyone could pick up the hammer because it would be floating around in a weightless environment. Yeah, that’s right, the slow reader used science. Suck on that.
Scene: The diner.
Policeman: Was there anything valuable in the car?
Leonard: Our clothes, our wallets, phones.
Raj: And about three hundred dollars worth of makeup, so this thief could look like anyone right now.
Policeman: Makeup? Sure.
Leonard: Uh, we’re going to the Comic-Con in Bakersfield. They have a big costume contest. It’s cooler than it sounds.
Policeman: I don’t know, sounds pretty cool.
Raj: It, it is. It’s not just comic books. They’ve got action figures, toys, a Tron-themed dance party.
Leonard: Okay, he gets how cool it is.
Policeman: I think I have all I need here. You guys need me to call someone? I’m guessing your moms?
Leonard: Thanks, but we’ve got it covered.
Howard: Okay, I just talked to my mom. She arranged for us to get a rental car.
Raj: Great. We can still make it to Comic-Con.
Leonard: Are you kidding me? After all we’ve been through, I just want to go home.
Raj: Don’t be like that. Come on, Howard, talk to him.
Howard: I’m with Leonard. I’m done.
Raj: Fine, then I guess it’s two against two. How do we decide?
Sheldon: Actually, it’s three against one.
Raj: What? What about the mission? You said we were a real-life landing party.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, we’re not. We’re an imaginary landing party who had real-life garbage thrown at us by real-life strangers who think we’re idiots. And to tell you the truth, I’m starting to feel like one. I want to go home now.
Raj: Okay. Did we at least rent the car from Enterprise? Get it? Enterprise? Screw you. That’s funny.
Scene: The apartment.
Bernadette: Well, what if the Hulk picked up Thor while Thor is holding the hammer?
Amy: Yeah?
Bernadette: Then by the transitive property of picking things up, Hulk picked up the hammer.
Amy: No. Hulk picked up Thor, Thor picked up the hammer.
Penny: Okay, hang on. If I go to a bar and pick up a guy, and he picks up a girl, and then we all leave together, did I pick up the girl?
Amy: Did that ever happen?
Penny: Hey, are we talking about me or are we talking about Thor?
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: Well, I say that’s the last time we ever go outside.
Amy (off): Look, right here. Red Hulk is picking up Thor’s hammer ’cause Thor’s touching it.
Penny (off): No, it’s because they’re in space. He’s really just touching the strap.
Amy(off): The strap is part of the hammer.
Bernadette (off): No, it’s not!
Raj: Are they actually arguing about comic books?
Leonard: No, that can’t be right.
Howard: Maybe Thor’s Hammer is a new colour of nail polish.
Bernadette (off): Then Red Hulk must be worthy.
Penny (off): How could Red Hulk be worthy?
Bernadette (off): You don’t know his life.
Sheldon: There’s only one logical explanation. Somewhere in the desert we crossed into an alternate dimension where the women in our lives can finally appreciate great literature.
Raj: If it’s an alternate dimension, sounds like a job for a landing party.
Sheldon: Captain, what are your orders?
Leonard: I say we investigate.
Sheldon: Wait. They might be hostile.
Leonard: Fine, but set them to stun. If we vaporize Penny, I’ll never find a girlfriend that pretty again.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
GPS: Fun fact, President Eisenhower signed the Federal Aid Highway Act from his hospital room.
First Car Thief: Wow, that is interesting.
Second Car Thief: You learn something new every day.
GPS: Say, can you name the four state capitols that are not served by the interstate system?
First Car Thief: Ooh, another quiz.
Second Car Thief: Yes!
 								
			
				Scene: The Apartment.
Leonard: Sheldon, your food’s getting cold.
Sheldon: I’ll eat later. Right now, I’m suckling at the informative bosom of mother physics.
Penny: It’s hot when Sheldon talks dirty.
Raj: So, I found this Web site where you send them pictures, they sculpt your head and make an action figure out of you. How awesome is that?
Howard: Let me see.
Raj: Yeah, you can pick your wardrobe. You can even choose your accessories.
Howard: Leonard, you can get a little asthma inhaler.
Leonard: Oh, this is neat. Think about all the action figures we’ve bought over the years. It would be kind of cool to have ones that look like us. Don’t you think?
Penny: Yeah, if that’s your idea of what’s cool, you should get one.
Leonard: Yeah, so, I’m out.
Raj: What do you think, Sheldon? Want an action figure that looks just like you?
Sheldon: Would it come with Kung-Fu grip?
Raj: No.
Sheldon: Don’t waste my time.
Leonard: You get that these are personalised action figures.
Penny: Honey, if you want one, just get one.
Howard: You’re still out, right?
Leonard: Yep.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Sheldon’s office.
Sheldon: A hush falls over the crowd as Cooper studies the board. He makes his move. He’s dividing both sides by I. He’s adding back the coefficient. He has a value for P. He’s plugging that back in. He takes the derivative, and he solves the equation. The crowd goes wild. Nobel! Nobel!
Kripke: Cooper?
Sheldon: Nobel. Kripke. Don’t look at my board.
Kripke: What’s that?
Sheldon: That’s a drawing of a really cool train. Don’t look at that, either. What do you want?
Kripke: I have some bad news. You’re working on a gwant pwoposal fow a new fusion weactow. I’m working on a gwant pwoposal fow a new fusion weactow. The university is only awowed to submit one pwoposal.
Sheldon: So they asked you to pack up your things and ship out. That’s hard cheese, Barry. You’re one of the good ones.
Kripke: No, they’re making us work together.
Sheldon: That’s ridiculous. I am one of the great minds of our generation. I work on a level so rarified you couldn’t even imagine it. I said stop looking at my cool train!
Scene: Howard’s lab.
Leonard: Hmm. Kind of a strange place to put a picture of you and Bernadette.
Howard: Well, I wanted everybody to know I love my wife. And nobody to know I forgot to turn off the laser.
Raj: They’re here. Our action figures have arrived. This is the best five hundred dollars I’ve ever spent.
Leonard: A thousand dollars on action figures? How can you afford that?
Howard: Easy. His family’s loaded, and Bernadette has a great job. My wife came with both fun bags and money bags.
Raj: Say hello to an exact scale model of me. Oh, I’m not dark chocolate. I’m melt-in-your-mouth caramel.
Howard: Oh, man. Look at my nose.
Leonard: Maybe it’s a shipping problem.
Howard: What?
Leonard: Yeah. Maybe Wesley Snipes and Toucan Sam just got action figures that look like you guys.
Raj: This sucks.
Howard: I can’t believe I wasted all that money.
Leonard: Aw, and my girlfriend wouldn’t let me get one. Look at my face. Do I look smug? I feel smug.
Scene: The stairwell.
Penny: I hate it when you make me sit through all the credits.
Leonard: Well, sometimes there’s a secret ending, like in The Avengers.
Penny: Yeah, but I don’t think that’s going to happen in a documentary about the Holocaust.
Leonard: They could show bloopers. Oh, no.
Penny: What is that?
Leonard: That is Sheldon’s “I’m unhappy and about to destroy the planet” music. Come on, let’s just go to your place.
Penny: Well, wait, if he’s unhappy,shouldn’t we talk to him?
Leonard: Shouldn’t we talk to him? Have you learned nothing in six years?
Penny (entering apartment): You doing okay, sweetie?
Sheldon: There is ominous music playing, and there is an afghan over my head. I don’t know where you’re from, but where I’m from, that means I’m not doing okay.
Leonard: Want me to make you some tea?
Sheldon: Tea is for when I’m upset. I’m not upset. The university’s forcing me to work with Kripke. I’m outraged.
Leonard: So, cocoa?
Sheldon: Yes, cocoa. Do you have any idea what it’s like to be paired with someone who’s so incredibly annoying?
Leonard: Oh, teacher! Me! Me!
Sheldon: See, I did all this great work, and now he’s just going to come along and ruin it. I am angrier than ever and filled with despair.
Penny: What beverage do you make for that?
Leonard: Oh, no, no, no, I know this. Uh, hot apple cider with cinnamon sticks?
Sheldon: Yes, hot apple cider with cinnamon sticks!
Scene: Sheldon’s office.
Kripke: What the fwig, Cooper? We were supposed to meet in my office a half an hour ago.
Sheldon: And yet, now you’re in my office. Point, Cooper. Welcome to the Thunderdome, Kripke.
Kripke: We agweed to exchange copies of our work. Let me see yours.
Sheldon: Why don’t you show me yours first.
Kripke: You think I just few off the turnip twuck? We exchange at the same time.
Sheldon: How do I know you’re not going to take my ideas and publish them as your own?
Kripke: How do I know you’re not going to do that with mine?
Sheldon: Because I’m not interested in getting published in Mad magazine. Zingers fly fast in the Thunderdome, Barry.
Kripke: Are we going to do this or not? Thank you. So, we wead each other’s work, meet again tomowow?
Sheldon: Fine.
Kripke: Nice twy. This is bwank paper.
Sheldon: And I am sure it’s still more valuable than whatever’s in here.
Kripke: Cough it up, Cooper.
Sheldon: Very well.
Kripke: If this one’s bwank, too, I’m going to be fuwious.
Sheldon: Fine.
Scene: Howard’s lab.
Raj: You! Always bet on black.
Howard: Get that waste of money out of my face.
Raj: It’s only a waste of money if we don’t play with them. (As doll) He’s right, dawg.
Howard: Please, I’m working.
Raj: You know, there is a way we can get action figures to look exactly like us.
Howard: Oh, yeah? How’s that?
Raj: Two words, 3-D printer. Wait, maybe it’s three words. No, hang on. Okay, one word, a letter and a number and maybe a hyphen. 3-D printer.
Howard: I have always wanted a 3-D printer.
Raj: Of course you have. They’re an engineer’s dream. Anything you can design, a 3-D printer can make out of plastic.
Howard: Yeah, but they’re so expensive.
Raj: Oh, come on. You deserve one. You’ve worked hard to find a woman who makes a lot of money.
Howard: Well, the prices have been coming down.
Raj: Oh, true. They’re practically giving them away. You know, in exchange for money.
Howard: And we can make stuff we need for work with it. Prototypes of my CAD/CAM designs, specialized tools…
Raj: Not to mention Malibu Koothrappali and his totally bitchin’ dream house.
Howard: We don’t need Malibu Koothrappali’s dream house.
Raj: Really, smart guy? Where’s he supposed to park his sweet little Corvette?
Scene: The apartment.
Amy:The monkey in my tobacco study has taken to smoking a pipe. I’m supposed to remove his brain to examine, but it’s hard because now he reminds me of my uncle. You’ve been awfully quiet tonight. Is everything okay?
Sheldon: I’m fine.
Amy: All right, well, how was work today? Did you exchange your research with Kripke?
Sheldon: Yes.
Amy: Sheldon, what’s going on?
Sheldon: I read his research, and, it’s leaps and bounds ahead of mine. Which means the mommy of the smartest physicist at the university is not my mommy as I had thought. It’s his mommy.
Amy: Sheldon, I wish there was something I could do to make you feel better. May I offer you a consoling hug?
Sheldon: What do we have to lose?
Amy: How’s that?
Sheldon: I feel like I’m being strangled by a boa constrictor. Why’d you stop?
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Come on, Sheldon, we’re going to be late.
Sheldon: I can’t go in today. I’m sick.
Leonard: You’re not sick. You just don’t want to face Kripke.
Sheldon: No, look.
Leonard: 128.
Sheldon: See?
Leonard: What did you do, put this in your tea?
Sheldon: Oh, dear. Now I’m not even smarter than you.
Leonard: Sheldon, Kripke’s not smarter than you. You just got stuck on a wrong path. Happened to Einstein. He got stuck on the unified field theory for decades.
Sheldon: Oh, don’t play the Einstein card. His great breakthroughs happened when no one knew anything. So everything was a great breakthrough.
Leonard: Sheldon Lee Cooper, I do not have time for this nonsense. Now, go put your clothes on, get in the car, and lets go to work.
Sheldon: All right, geez. What a grouch.
Leonard: How did I do that? I got to remember how I did that.
Scene: Howard’s lab.
Howard: Do you realize, by owning a 3-D printer, we are reclaiming the manufacturing process and taking jobs back from sweatshops in China?
Raj: I think this thing was made in China.
Howard: Eh, what can you do?
Raj: Ooh, I, I think it’s done. Oh, it worked. We printed a whistle.
Howard: Amazing. You realize these things go for 25 cents a pop at a party store.
Raj: And we made it in only three hours. Sounds just like store-bought.
Howard: Okay, give me a superhero pose, and I will scan you into the computer for your action figure.
Raj: Oh, I wish I was in better shape.
Howard: Stop holding your stomach in. I’ll give you a six-pack with the computer.
Raj: Oh, okay, great. Now I can look like Val Kilmer as Batman instead of Val Kilmer as he looks today.
Howard: All right, you can suck it in a little bit.
Scene: Sheldon’s office.
Kripke: Cooper, we have a pwobwem. Your work is weawy not at a wevew I expected it to be.
Sheldon: I know. Go ahead, mock me. Just use small words so I understand.
Kripke: Don’t pway dumb with me. We both know what your pwobwem is.
Sheldon: We do?
Kripke: You have a girlfwiend.
Sheldon: So?
Kripke: So my work would suffew, too, if I was getting waid all the time.
Sheldon: Yes. That is the reason. My work is suffering because of all the laid I’m getting.
Kripke: You wucky bastard.
Sheldon: What can I say, you know? She enjoys my genitals. I am giving them to her on a nightly basis.
Kripke: Okay, stop bwagging. You had some bwiwiant insights in here, but if we’re gonna make this work, you need to buckew down and focus.
Sheldon: I’ll do what I can. But it’s not going to be easy, because when I’m with Amy and our bathing suit areas mush together, boy howdy, is it magic
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: Oh, good, you’re home. Got a little surprise for you.
Bernadette: What?
Howard: Say hello to my little friend.
Bernadette: Oh, my God. That’s so cute. I didn’t think there could be a smaller version of you.
Howard: I know, right? And, thanks to photographs and a little 3-D modeling, here comes the bride.
Bernadette: Oh, Howie, I love these.
Howard: I thought you might.
Bernadette: Were they expensive?
Howard: Didn’t cost a thing. I made them myself.
Bernadette: How?
Howard: Koothrappali and I bought a used 3-D printer for $5,000.
Bernadette: $5,000 for a couple of dolls? Are you out of your mind?
Howard: Not just for a couple of dolls. For as many dolls as we want. And whistles.
Bernadette: At any point, did it dawn on you to talk to me about spending this kind of money?
Howard: It’s kind of dawning on me now.
Bernadette: I don’t believe you. Howie, we can’t afford to waste money on junk like this.
Howard: What are you talking about? We make plenty of money.
Bernadette: I make plenty of money. You make peanuts.
Howard: Yes, but we’re married now. That means, when you get sick, I take care of you. And when you make a bunch of money, I get to buy stuff. Sorry if you don’t like it, but that’s how love works.
Bernadette: No, here’s how love works. You’re gonna return the machine, or you can print out a working set of lady parts and sleep with those. Oh, my God! Are you actually thinking about it?
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: All right, I don’t understand. Why didn’t you just tell Kripke the truth?
Sheldon: Because the truth made me look bad, whereas a ridiculous bald-faced lie makes me look good. Anyway, if Kripke asks, tell him my coitus with Amy is frequent, intense and whimsically inventive.
Leonard: Is my coitus whimsically inventive?
Penny: That is what I write on the bathroom walls. For a whimsically inventive time, call Leonard Hofstadter.
Leonard: I know you’re joking, but I’d be okay with that.
Penny: Yeah. Sheldon, can I ask you a question?
Sheldon: Of course.
Penny: You ever going to sleep with Amy?
Sheldon: That’s awfully personal.
Leonard: We don’t ask Sheldon things like that.
Penny: Maybe you don’t, I do. What’s the deal?
Sheldon: Well, word around the university is I’m giving her sex organs a proper jostling.
Penny: All right, come on, be serious. Look, you guys have been going out a long time. She would clearly like to have a physical relationship with you, so what are you doing?
Leonard: All right, we’re down the rabbit hole. What are you doing?
Sheldon: Well, first of all, I’m quite fond of Amy.
Penny: Then what’s the problem?
Sheldon: Penny, all my life, I have been uncomfortable with the sort of physical contact that comes easily to others, hand-shaking, hugging, prostate exams. But I’m working on it, you know? Just recently, I had to put VapoRub on Amy’s chest. A year ago, that would have been unthinkable.
Leonard: Now you know how I feel when I have to put it on you.
Penny: Okay. Hang on. Are you saying someday you and Amy might actually get physical?
Sheldon: It’s a possibility.
Penny (under breath while hitting Leonard): Oh, my God! (Out loud) Sheldon, I know this wasn’t easy for you, and I’m really glad we could have this conversation.
Sheldon: Fine.
Penny (under breath while hitting Leonard): Oh, my God!
Leonard: Ow!
Scene: The cafeteria.
Raj: Are you sure you want to do this? Give up your half of the 3-D printer?
Howard: Yes. And can you please make that out to Bernadette? I was taken off the joint account until I learn the value of money.
Raj: Wow, that’s harsh.
Howard: Tell me about it.
Raj: Aren’t you gonna eat lunch?
Howard: Nah, I blew my food allowance on Pokemon cards.
Scene: Sheldon’s office.
Sheldon: Well, the equation balances, but it’s certainly not elegant.
Kripke: Whatever. You get any wast night?
Sheldon: Yes.
Kripke: Gave it to her good, huh?
Sheldon: No, I gave it to her well. Now, over here, I was thinking the turbulence could be reduced if we just put…
Kripke: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Was she naked, or was she weawing wingewie?
Sheldon: I didn’t notice.
Kripke: How could you not notice?
Sheldon: I was too busy squishing all the desirable parts of her body.
Kripke: Ah, you’re kiwing me, Cooper!
Sheldon: Can we get back to work?
Kripke: Sure, sure, sure. You guys ever use any toys?
Sheldon: Toys? I do have a model rocket next to my bed.
Kripke: A wocket? You’we a fweak! I wove it!
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment
Leonard: I don’t know why I avoided the Harry Potter books for so long. These are great. I just started number six.
Sheldon: That’s a good one. Dumbledore dies in that one. Yeah, I know, I didn’t see it coming, either.
Leonard: Why would you say that?
Sheldon: You brought up the subject. I contributed an interesting fact on that subject. It’s called the art of conversation. Okay, your turn.
Leonard: That was a huge spoiler.
Sheldon: Good.
Leonard: What is wrong with you? If I did that, you’d bitch about it for weeks.
Sheldon: Oh, really, Leonard? Are you going to have another one of your hissy fits?
Leonard: Hissy fits? I have hissy fits?
Sheldon: Yes, and I have a theory why. Because of your lactose intolerance, you switched over to soy milk. Soy contains estrogen-mimicking compounds. I think your morning Cocoa Puffs are turning you into a hysterical woman.
Leonard: You are unbelievable. I don’t know why I put up with you. You’re controlling, you’re irritating.
Sheldon: There you go again, nag, nag, nag. You’re only proving my point, little lady.
Leonard: You know what? Screw you, Sheldon. You are the most annoying person I have ever met.
Sheldon: What? I’m annoying? You criticize my behaviour all the time. Sheldon, don’t talk about your bowel movements over breakfast. Sheldon, when the president of the university is giving a eulogy at a funeral, don’t yawn and point at your watch. Sheldon, don’t throw away my shirts ’cause you think they’re ugly. You’re impossible.
Leonard: That’s it. I don’t, I don’t have to put up with this.
Sheldon: Actually, I have your signature on a roommate agreement that says you do.
Leonard: Aw. Here’s what I think of your roommate agreement.
Sheldon: You pick that up right now.
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Roommate agreement, section 27, paragraph 5, the roommate agreement, like the American flag, cannot touch the ground.
Leonard: I don’t care. I don’t have to do anything you say because I don’t think I want to live here anymore.
Sheldon: Where are you going?
Leonard: To live with Penny and not you, you crazy bastard.
Sheldon: Crazy bastard?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Leonard, wait.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Dobby the elf dies in book seven.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Raj: Here you go.
Howard: Great. Come on in.
Raj: What, you don’t say thank you?
Howard: It’s my suitcase. I lent it to you two years ago.
Raj: Well, then, I should tell you I broke the wheel and the handle. So, is everyone from Bernadette’s company going to Vegas?
Howard: No, just me, her and a couple of the big wigs. It’s part of a bonus she got.
Raj: Cool. Did she discover a cure for something?
Howard: Not exactly. They spent a ton of money developing this dandruff medication that had the side effect of horrible anal leakage.
Raj: Is there a good anal leakage?
Howard: Anyway, it was Bernie’s idea to rebrand the stuff as a cure for constipation.
Raj: Way to make lemonade. You know, from around the corner where fudge is made.
Howard: Hey, I got a favour to ask.
Raj: Sure.
Howard: My mom’s been kind of an emotional wreck since that dentist she was dating dumped her.
Raj: Dumped her? What, did he use a forklift? Sorry. There’s nothing funny about morbid obesity.
Howard: She’s huge. It was funny. Anyway, I was just hoping that maybe you could check in on her tomorrow night and make sure she’s doing okay.
Raj: Dude, I’m a single man. Saturday night is my party night.
Howard: Really? What do you got going on?
Raj: I don’t know, maybe drive down to Hollywood, hit a few hot spots, see if I can get lucky.
Howard: Yeah, tell me if this sounds familiar. You pay fifteen dollars to park, you stand on the pavement for an hour until you break down and give the bouncer twenty bucks to let you in. You push your way to the bar, where you drink an eighteen dollar cosmopolitan, then you stare at a pretty girl and imagine your perfect life together. Your children, grandchildren. Meanwhile, she leaves with a guy who claims he wrote Beverly Hills Chihuahua. Then you give up on anyone ever loving you, go to Marie Callender’s, buy a pie and eat it in your car in the parking lot.
Raj:What time should I be at your mother’s?
Howard: I told her around seven.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Leonard: I swear, that man is the most egotistical, insufferable human being I have ever met.
Penny: Yeah, but you two make such a cute couple. Like Burt and Ernie. You guys even teach me stuff about words and numbers.
Leonard: Well, I’ve had it. I am done. I can’t, I can’t live with him for one more minute.
Penny: Wow. Where are you going to go?
Leonard: I was thinking here with you.
Penny: Oh.
Leonard: That a problem?
Penny: No, not at all. No, it’s, it’s great. It’s terrific. I, you know, I just can’t help feel bad about Sheldon. I mean, how’s he going to get by without you? Ernie.
Leonard: He’s got Amy now.
Penny: Yeah, he does, but it’s not the same.
Leonard: Why?
Penny: Um, well, um, all right. You, you know how in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Ron didn’t abandon Harry just because Harry started dating Ron’s sister?
Leonard: Harry and Ginny get together?
Penny: Sorry. Spoiler alert. My point is, as much as I want to live with you, I can’t do it knowing how much Sheldon needs you.
Leonard: Please, the only thing he needs me for is to be his whipping boy, his, his stooge, his doormat.
Penny: Well, you know what they say, if it ain’t broke.
Leonard: Wow. It sounds to me like you don’t want us to live together.
Penny: No. No, no, I do. I do. It’s just, I mean, it’s a really big step.
Leonard: Is it? We’re together all the time. Financially, it makes great sense. Can you think of one reason why we shouldn’t do this?
Penny: Well, um, I’m just a little thirsty.
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: I got nothing.
Leonard: Great. I’ll go get my stuff.
Penny: Yeah. Okay, all right, don’t freak out. You can make this work.
Leonard: Oh, could you clear off a shelf for me in the bathroom? I take a lot of medicine.
Penny: Oh, please let some of it be Xanax.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Are you ready for dessert?
Raj: No, thank you, Mrs. Wolowitz. As it is, I’m going to have to carry my stomach out of here like I’m a fireman rescuing an infant.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Oh, please. You’re a tall glass of brown water. Have dessert.
Raj: Well, I, I really couldn’t. But, uh, I’ve had a lovely time eating your brisket and hearing about the things you’ve had removed from your body over the years. Didn’t know you could have a cyst inside another cyst.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): The doctor said they were like Russian nesting dolls. Well, if you have to go, how about I put a little doggie bag together for you?
Raj: That would be lovely. Thank you. (Sound of crying) Mrs. Wolowitz, uh, are you okay?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Don’t mind me. I just cry when I’m lonely and have nothing to live for.
Raj: I, uh, I suppose I could stay for some dessert.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Great. You like chocolate chip cheesecake?
Raj: Sure.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): I’ll make one.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: One vintage Mr. Mxyzptlk action figure. That’s Leonard’s.
Amy: Children’s toy.
Sheldon: One Star Trek: The Next Generation phaser. That’s Leonard’s.
Amy: Children’s toy.
Sheldon: One Game of Thrones collector’s edition Longclaw sword. Oh, Leonard and I bought that together. That’s a bit of an ethical conundrum. Eh, I’ll keep it.
Amy: So, uh, what’s your plan moving forward?
Sheldon: Uh, suppose I’ll have to find and cultivate a new roommate. What a task that will be. Do you know how uncivilized Leonard was when I took him in?
Amy: No.
Sheldon: Oh, it took me forever to get him on a bathroom schedule. He would just go whenever the mood struck him.
Amy: Like a dog-boy.
Sheldon: Exactly.
Amy: What if you could find a roommate who was a scientist and already familiar and comfortable with your ways?
Sheldon: That would be ideal. If a person like that existed, I would sign on, no further questions asked.
Amy: Great. Here I am!
Sheldon: Wait. Here who is where?
Amy: Me. Aren’t I your perfect roommate?
Sheldon: Um…
Amy: Think about it, Sheldon. I’m not a stranger, we’re intellectually compatible, I’m willing to chauffeur you around town, and your personality quirks, which others find abhorrent or rage-inducing, I find cute as a button. What do you think?
Sheldon: Um…
Amy: Tell me one reason why this isn’t a fantastic idea.
Sheldon: Um…
Amy: See? You can’t. I’m gonna go see if Leonard’s room is big enough for my water bed.
Sheldon: Um…
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Good buddy Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Good buddy Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Good buddy Leonard.
Leonard: What do you want?
Sheldon: Hey, good buddy. So, uh, I was just talking to Amy, and she made me realize that this little dust-up between you and me is much ado about nothing.
Leonard: Is that so?
Sheldon: Yes. All is forgiven, so come back home. I’ll make you some soy hot chocolate, and then I’ll you tell you about our exciting new devil-may-care bathroom policy.
Leonard: Cut to the chase, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Okay. Amy’s decided she wants to move in with me, so I need you to come back home, you lovable scamp. That’s a lot of product.
Penny: Hey. What’s going on?
Leonard: Oh, get this, suddenly, Sheldon wants me back because Amy wants to move in with him.
Penny: Really? Interesting.
Leonard: Well, too late, pal. I’m not going anywhere. Penny and I are very happy living together. Isn’t that right?
Penny: It’s like the happiness won’t ever leave the apartment.
Sheldon: Leonard, please. You know Amy moving in marks a level of intimacy our relationship isn’t ready for.
Penny: Yes. That is a real thing. And it doesn’t mean you don’t care about each other, it just means things are moving at a pace you’re not comfortable with, and that’s fine.
Leonard: Well, if he doesn’t want to live with her, then he should tell her how he feels.
Penny: Well, maybe he doesn’t know how to say it without hurting her feelings.
Sheldon: Feelings? What am I, a hippie at a love-in? No. The problem is, she laid out a series of logical arguments that I couldn’t refute.
Penny: That is the worst, isn’t it?
Sheldon: Yes.
Leonard: I’m sorry, Sheldon. I can’t help you. Oh, spoiler alert, this door’s about to slam in your face.
Amy: Oh, there you are. When do I get a key to our apartment?
Sheldon: Um…
Scene: Howard’s old bedroom. A phone is ringing.
Raj: Hello?
Howard: Hey. How’d it go last night with my mom?
Raj: Okay, I guess.
Howard: What time did you leave?
Raj: Actually, I’m still here.
Howard: What? You spent the night?
Raj: Yeah. Uh, after dinner, we watched a rerun of Rockford Files, and then she opened a bottle of, uh, cream sherry, and the next thing I know, she was tucking me into your bed.
Howard: You wore my pyjamas?
Raj: Mm-hmm. How do you sleep in these things? Silk pajamas on satin sheets? I slid out of the bed, like, three times.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Rajesh! You up? You ready for breakfast?
Raj: Oh, boy. Breakfast.
Howard: Okay, Raj, listen to me. You need to get out of there.
Raj: But I have a cream sherry hangover and I smell blintzes.
Howard: If you don’t leave now, she’ll use food and guilt to keep you there for the rest of your life.
Raj: Oh, Howard, stop.
Howard: Trust me, you’re not Jewish. That’s how they get you.
Raj: You’re being silly. I can leave whenever I want.
Howard: Oh, really? Where are your clothes and your shoes?
Raj: They’re on the chair, right over… Oy vey.
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: Hello, home wrecker.
Penny: What did I do?
Sheldon: You gave Leonard somewhere to go. Thanks to you, Amy’s out buying his and hers bath towels. Like I’d ever dry myself with something that has a possessive pronoun on it.
Penny: Okay. Listen, the truth is I don’t want him living with me.
Sheldon: Great. Kick him out. Break his heart. Everybody wins.
Penny: No, I don’t want to break his heart. I love him. This is just happening too fast.
Sheldon: You think this is fast? It’s just a matter of time before I see Amy’s leg stubble in my shower.
Penny: Yeah, and I’ve seen those legs. You might want to get some Drano.
Sheldon: Hold on. If you don’t want to live with Leonard, why don’t you just tell him?
Penny: Well, you know how he is. He’s sensitive and emotional.
Sheldon: That’s because he drinks too much soy milk.
Penny: Well, I don’t know what else we can do but tell them the truth.
Sheldon: I suppose there’s no choice but to face the crying, angry accusations and the high-pitched wails of despair.
Penny: Yeah. And who knows how Amy will react.
Scene: A hotel room.
Howard: Here’s some more ice.
Bernadette: Oh, thanks.
Howard: What were we thinking? We should have just done it the regular way.
Bernadette: Those Chinese acrobats in Cirque du Soleil made it look so easy.
Howard: Honestly, if I could bend that far, what would I need with you?
Bernadette: If you could bend that far, you’d be doing us both a favour. (Phone) 
Howard: Hey, Raj. What’s up?
Raj: You were right. I can’t get out of here.
Howard: You’re still at my mother’s?
Raj: I’m trapped. My clothes have been in the laundry all day, and she hid my keys. I think they might be in her bra, because she jingles when she walks. What do I do?
Howard: Hey, you wanted a woman in your life. Now you got one.
Raj: Come on, Howard, help me.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Rajesh, tatellah, I ran you a bath.
Raj: Oh, my God. She’s not gonna bathe me, is she?
Howard: Gee, I wish I could tell you no. All right, well, thanks again for helping me out.
Raj: But, Howard…
Bernadette: Should we go back and rescue him?
Howard: It’s too late. We’ll see him at his Bar Mitzvah.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Here you go. I picked up the Chinese food just the way Leonard used to.
Sheldon: Is it kung pao chicken?
Amy: Yes.
Sheldon: Brown rice, not white rice?
Amy: Yes.
Sheldon: Spicy mustard from the Korean deli?
Amy: Yes. I did good, right?
Sheldon: Yes. Amy, are you worried that us living together will take the mystery out of our relationship?
Amy: No.
Sheldon: Yeah, why would you?
Amy: Oh, and, uh, check this out. I took the liberty of scripting a new outgoing voice mail message for both of us.
Sheldon: Hello. This is Sheldon.
Amy: And this is Amy.
Sheldon: We’re not home right now.
Amy: ‘Cause we out dropping science, son.
Together: Leave a message.
Amy: Beep.
Sheldon: You can’t live here.
Amy: What? Why? Is it the message? I only used urban slang to sound tough so people wouldn’t break in.
Sheldon: No. It’s not the message.
Amy: Well, what is it, then? I did everything just the way you like it.
Sheldon: You did.
Amy: Then what the hell, Sheldon? We have been going out for over two years, and I have been nothing but patient with you. I watch your dopey space movies. I signed your ridiculous contract. I even stopped wearing lip gloss ’cause you said it made my mouth look too slippery. I am the best girlfriend you’re ever gonna have. You give me one good reason why I can’t live here.
Sheldon: It’s Penny’s fault.
Amy: What?
Sheldon: She doesn’t want to live with Leonard, so he has to come live here again. She’s the snake in our garden. She’s the reason we can’t be happy.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Hey, Ames.
Amy: Yeah. Hey, Ames, nothing. I was all set to move in with Sheldon, and now I hear I can’t ’cause you don’t want to live with Leonard.
Leonard (off): What?
Penny: Sheldon, what did you say?
Sheldon: I said the truth. You don’t want to live with Leonard, and you know it.
Leonard: Since when don’t you want to live with me?
Penny: Oh, don’t get all huffy. You’re the one who decided to move in without even asking me if I was ready.
Sheldon: Yeah, I think we should talk about that.
Penny: And since you love the truth so much, why don’t you tell Amy you don’t want to live with her instead of blaming it on me?
Sheldon: I thought we were talking about the other thing.
Amy: You’re a coward.
Sheldon: Well, the evidence does support that.
Penny: Come on, Amy, let’s go drink wine and talk about what jerks our boyfriends are.
Amy: You know what would show them? I should move in here with you.
Penny: Um…
Sheldon: Do you want to catch up on some Walking Dead?
Leonard: ‘Kay.
Sheldon: Have you seen the one where Lori dies?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Or maybe she doesn’t. Let’s find out.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house. Raj is climbing out of the window.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Where you going?
Raj (screams): No!
 								
			
				Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: You’ll never believe what happened to me at work today.
Leonard: Hmm?
Penny: This old guy was choking on his food, and I saved his life.
Leonard: You’re kidding. Did you Heimlich him?
Penny: No. I said, oh, my God, I think that old guy’s choking, and then one of the busboys Heimlich’ed him.
Leonard: You’re a hero.
Penny: Yeah, that was the point of the story.
Leonard: Oh, yeah, speaking of work, do you know if you have Thursday night off?
Penny: Um, I think so. Why?
Leonard: What do you mean, why? It’s Valentine’s Day.
Penny: Oh, right. Yeah, we can do something.
Leonard: You could be a little more into it.
Penny: No, I’m into it, I’m into it. Just, there’s so much pressure to make the night special, and it never works out.
Leonard: Okay, well, this time it’s going to be different. Because I am like a romance ninja. You don’t see it coming, and then bam, romance, watch out, hearts, kisses, love, ooh-ya!
Penny: You know, sometimes I think I’ve made you so much cooler than you used to be, and then you go and do that.
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: So, in conclusion, I believe the painful sensation felt after passing a meal of spicy chillies is proof that the rectum does possess the sense of taste.
Amy: I concur, but you changed the subject. What are we doing for Valentine’s Day?
Sheldon: Oh, you caught that, did you?
Credits sequence.
Scene: The comic book store.
Howard (on phone): Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay! Okay.
Raj: Everything okay?
Howard: Bernie’s a little cranky since she’s been working, like, 17 hours a day. And I’ve got a lot on my plate, too, because I’ve been busting my tail playing Assassin’s Creed.
Raj: Hey, Stuart, you got anything going on for Valentine’s Day?
Stuart: Not really. Other than hiding all the sharp objects around here and white-knuckling it till morning. What do you got going on?
Raj: Oh, well, I was going to spend the night with my special little lady, but, uh, she got worms, and then I had to take her to the vet.
Stuart: There must be something we can do.
Raj: Well, uh, how about you keep the store open late, and we throw a party for all the people who don’t have dates?
Stuart That actually sounds kind of nice.
Raj: Yeah, the theme will be that the greatest love a man can have is the love he has with himself.
Stuart: That’s good. Or maybe something a little less hand in the pants.
Scene: Sheldon’s office.
Sheldon: Ah, Alex, excellent. I have a research problem that I believe you can help with.
Alex: Oh, Dr. Cooper, thank you. I’ve been waiting for an opportunity to contribute to your scientific work.
Sheldon: Oh, no, no. That’s not going to happen, no. What I need you to do is find a Valentine’s gift for my girlfriend.
Alex: You realize I passed up an opportunity to work at Fermilab to take this job with you.
Sheldon: Well, I guess those chaps will have to have someone else buy their girlfriends presents. Now, here is, let’s see, this is, this is about two thousand dollars, um, I think she likes monkeys and the colour grey. Contribute to my work. Ah, kids say the darnedest things.
Scene: Howard’s lab.
Leonard: Hey, you coming to lunch?
Howard: Yeah, one second. Come here. I want to show you something.
Leonard: What you looking at?
Howard: Well, I was trying to come up with something really romantic to give Bernadette for Valentine’s Day since she’s been such a pain in the ass.
Leonard: You can’t find a card that says that?
Howard: Check it out. I used the atomic force microscope in the material science lab and wrote our initials in a heart one one-thousandth the size of a grain of sand.
Leonard: Oh, that’s cool.
Howard: A micro-valentine for a microbiologist.
Leonard: From her micro-husband. That is amazing. How long did this take you?
Howard: Mmm, about twelve hours. I pulled an all-nighter.
Leonard: Oh, wow.
Howard: Yeah, I know, it really took a bite out of my video game time. What are you and Penny doing?
Leonard: Oh, I’m going to take her to a nice restaurant for dinner.
Howard: Oh, that’s not bad, but as far as romance goes, I think my gift hits it right out of… (Bumps into chair and drops the slide)
Leonard: Want to come to dinner with us?
Howard: Yes, please.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Okay. Amy will be here shortly, expecting the perfect Valentine’s gift, so, you’re up kid. Dazzle me. Go.
Alex: Okay, I think I have some really great choices. I went on Amy’s Facebook page and read up on her interests.
Sheldon: Now, see, I never would have thought to do that. Clearly, I made a good choice farming this out to you. But I am telling you, Amy hit the boyfriend jackpot. Anyway, my socks are on. Let’s knock them off.
Alex: Well, um, I know she loves playing the harp, so I found this beautiful music box that plays one of her favourite songs.
Sheldon: Now, Amy already has a real harp. And it can play any song. What are you trying to pull here?
Alex: No, I just thought it would be…
Sheldon: Next.
Alex: Okay. Um, I know she’s a fan of The Canterbury Tales.
Sheldon: Mmm.
Alex: So I found this cool map that illustrates the character’s journey through England. I thought we could put it in a really nice frame.
Sheldon: But she’s got Google Maps on her phone.
Alex: I don’t know how to respond to that.
Sheldon: Well, I hope it’s with a third good option, because these first two, buh.
Alex: Okay. Well, uh, luckily, I saved the best for last. Since Amy’s a neuroscientist, I did some research and found out that Santiago Ramon y Cajal, the father of modern neuroscience, did lots of hand drawings of brain cells. And I managed to find this signed print.
Sheldon: Wow. Oh, this is truly remarkable.
Alex: Thank you.
Sheldon: I think I’ll keep it for myself.
Alex: What about your girlfriend?
Sheldon: It’s too late. I call dibs.
Scene: a restaurant.
Penny: This place is really beautiful.
Leonard: Waugh, romance ninja.
Penny: Hey.
Howard: Sorry we’re late.
Penny: No problem. We just sat down.
Leonard: Mmm, would you like some wine?
Bernadette: Yeah, fill her up. I’ll tell you when to stop.
Penny: Is everything okay?
Howard: Terrific. Couldn’t be better.
Bernadette: Oh, bite me.
Howard: Look, we can still have a nice night. Just tell me where it is.
Bernadette: Maybe if you did what you said you were going to do, I’d tell you.
Leonard: Uh, where what is?
Howard: She hid my Xbox like I’m a child. Yeah, and my mom got me that for my birthday, so if you don’t give it back, I’m telling.
Bernadette: I’ve been working late every night. All I asked was that he clean the apartment and do one load of laundry. But did he do it? No. He just kept on playing that stupid game. You like pushing buttons so much, try pushing them on the washing machine.
Howard: I said I’m sorry.
Bernadette: Sorry doesn’t clean my underpants, buddy.
Howard: I told you, turn them inside out.
Bernadette: And I told you to bite me.
Leonard: Trying to have a magical night here, guys.
Penny: Oh, son of a bitch.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Nothing. Nothing.
Leonard: No, tell me.
Penny: It’s just this guy I used to date.
Leonard: Oh.
Penny: Until he cheated on me with my friend Gretchen, who’s here with him now.
Leonard: You’re kidding.
Penny: And it looks like she lost a lot of weight, damn it.
Leonard: I know it’s not ideal, but don’t let them ruin our night.
Penny: No, you’re totally right. She could be skinny ’cause she’s dying.
Leonard: That’s the spirit.
Penny: You know what, screw them. Our night is going to be way more special than theirs.
Leonard: Yeah.
Bernadette: Uh-oh.
Penny: What? (Penny’s ex is proposing to Gretchen) Oh, you got to be kidding me.
Gretchen: Oh, my God, yes. Of course I’ll marry you.
Leonard: Two can play this game. Penny…
Penny: Get up.
Leonard: All right.
Scene: The comic book store.
Raj: It’s nice that all the people who are lonely on Valentine’s Day can come here tonight and be together.
Stuart: Yeah, I’m really looking forward to it. In fact, there’s no place I would rather be than here.
Raj: Except on a date with anybody.
Stuart: Literally anybody.
Raj: You know, you and I have so much fun hanging out. If you were a girl, all our problems would be solved.
Stuart: What?
Raj: Oh, yeah, think about it. We’d hang out, we’d read comic books, we’d see movies. It’d be like the best relationship ever.
Stuart: That does sound nice.
Raj: Then I’d take you home, slip off your little black dress and just pile-drive you into oblivion.
Stuart: What?
Scene: The restaurant.
Penny: Oh, I can’t believe he’s going to marry the girl he cheated on me with.
Leonard: Isn’t it kind of nice? I mean, he was with the wrong person, and now he found the right person.
Penny: What, so I’m the wrong person? Maybe you want to be with Gretchen, too.
Bernadette: They do look happy.
Howard: Yeah, maybe tonight. But a year from now, he’ll be crawling under the sink looking for his Xbox. Well, he will.
Leonard: You know what? Why don’t we just forget about them and enjoy our Valentine’s Day?
Penny: Yes, absolutely. Now they’re doing that phony link-arm-drink thingy. I totally taught him that.
Leonard: I thought we were letting it go.
Penny: We were; it’s just, it’s not fair, okay? They’re bad people. It’s not supposed to end happy for them, it’s supposed to end happy for me.
Leonard: Um, it did end happy for you. You’re here with me.
Penny: Yeah, yeah, I know.
Leonard: Okay, this is getting a little hard to not take personally.
Penny: Oh, come on, don’t make this about you.
Leonard: Oh, I’m not. It’s about you.
Penny: Yeah, well, whatever, okay? I told you, Valentine’s Day sucks.
Leonard: This one does, and you’re the reason why.
Penny: What?
Bernadette: You know, compared to them, I’m feeling pretty good about us.
Howard: Me, too. How about we blow off dessert, go home early, I’ll do that laundry.
Bernadette: Thank you.
Howard: I love you.
Bernadette: Love you, too.
Howard: So where’d you hide it?
Bernadette: Where you’d never look.
Howard: Damn it, it’s in the washing machine.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Hello.
Sheldon: Hello.
Amy: Happy Valentine’s Day.
Sheldon: Okay. Shall we go to dinner?
Amy: Hang on. As you know, I had planned a traditional evening of romance and gifts.
Sheldon: Yes, and as you know, I planned to pretend to enjoy it. I’ve been working on this facial expression all day.
Amy: And I appreciate your effort, but upon contemplation, I decided I was being selfish. So, I cancelled our dinner reservations and came up with an even better way to celebrate Valentine’s Day.
Sheldon: What is that?
Amy: By doing none of it. No dinner, no romance, no gifts. We stay here, order a pizza and watch one of your beloved Star War Trek things.
Sheldon: Really?
Amy: Well, that’s what you’d love, isn’t it?
Sheldon: More than anything.
Amy: Well, then, that’s what we’re going to do.
Sheldon: Well, I don’t know what to say. This is the most thoughtful gift that anyone’s ever given me. And that’s including an amazing gift that I gave myself earlier today.
Amy: I’m your girlfriend. That’s my job. And I know gift-giving puts a lot of pressure on you, so whatever you got me, you can return.
Sheldon: No. No, after everything you didn’t do for me tonight, I want you to have it.
Amy: What’s this?
Sheldon: Read it.
Amy: Sheldon Cooper, Caltech University employee information?
Sheldon: At the bottom.
Amy: In case of emergency, please contact… Amy Farrah Fowler. And there’s my phone number. This is the most beautiful gift you could’ve ever given me.
Sheldon: Well, I thought, if I have a stroke or a kidney stone, who would I want to share that with?
Amy: And you picked me.
Sheldon: It’s like you said, you’re my girlfriend.
Amy: Oh, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Yeah. Okay. Stop ruining Valentine’s Day and order my pizza.
Scene: The stairwell.
Penny: Night.
Leonard: Yep. You know what? That was pretty crappy of you. I mean, all I wanted to do was give you a great night, and it’s like you-you went out of your way to destroy it.
Penny: Yeah, I know. I’m a total bitch.
Leonard: I’m not saying that.
Penny: Well, I am.
Leonard: Fine, you win. You’re a bitch. Why couldn’t we just have a nice time?
Penny: I don’t know. Maybe ’cause things are going so well between us lately and I’ve been really happy.
Leonard: Okay, you’re gonna have to make a lot more sense than that.
Penny: Obviously, I have some commitment issues.
Leonard: Glaringly obvious. Go on.
Penny: As long as things keep going great between us, you’ll keep asking me to marry you, and eventually I’m gonna end up saying yes, and then we’re gonna be married forever, and the whole thing just freaks me out.
Leonard: Okay. I know I propose a lot. So how about this? I promise I will never ask you to marry me again.
Penny: What, what do you mean? Are you breaking up with me?
Leonard: No. No, no, no, no. But if someday you decide you want to get married, you have to propose to me.
Penny: Really?
Leonard: Yes. It’s all on you. But I got to tell you, when the time comes, I want the whole nine yards. I want you down on one knee, flowers, I want to be swept off my feet.
Penny: Yeah, you got it.
Leonard: And I’m cool with surprises. But nothing on a Jumbotron. I don’t want to cry on a big screen like that.
Penny: Okay. You know what? This might be the wine talking, but I have a very important question to ask you.
Leonard: You do?
Penny: Leonard Hofstadter?
Leonard: Yes?
Penny: Will you be my valentine?
Leonard: Sorry. Maybe next year. I’m just kidding. Romance ninja. Let’s have sex. Waugh!
Scene: The comic book store.
Nerdy guy: Thank you, guys, for doing this.
Raj: We’re glad you could make it.
Nerdy guy: Usually I spend Valentine’s Day sad and alone. This year, I’m just sad.
Raj: What is it about this holiday that makes people so unhappy?
Stuart: I know. I hate myself most of the time, but tonight’s the night I know everyone else does, too.
Nerdy guy: I think you’re cool.
Stuart: Great.
Raj: I got to tell you, we’ve got to stop beating ourselves up like this. Excuse me, everybody. Can I have your attention, please? We’re all here tonight because we have no one to be with. But that doesn’t make us mutants. The only mutants here are in these comic books. We’ve got to stop defining our self-worth by whether or not we’re in a relationship. You know what I see when I look around? I see a room full of great people. So let’s give ourselves a break. We are a community, and as long as we have each other, we’re never truly alone.
Girl: That was cool. What you said.
Raj: You really think so?
Girl: Yeah, I do.
Raj: Thank you. Uh, would you like to, uh, get a cup, a cup of coffee or…?
Girl: Okay.
Raj: Later, losers!
Scene: Amy’s lab. Phone rings.
Amy: Hello? Another medical emergency? What’s wrong with him now? I seriously doubt he was bitten by a Chinese bird spider. How exactly does a bump feel Asian? Just put him on the phone. Sheldon, I am not driving over there again. Because I drove over there yesterday for a brain tumour that turned out to be an ice cream headache. Yes, I still want to be your emergency contact. Yes, you can eat your ice cream too fast and also have a brain tumour. I’m on my way. Brain tumour would explain a lot.
 								
			
				Scene: (After a “previously on” sequence) A coffee shop
Raj: So then I went to Cambridge, which was wonderful not only because it’s a good school but because it totally looks like Hogwarts. That’s where I fell in love with astronomy, and now I’m an astrophysicist at Caltech, so I guess you could say, uh, Raj is my name and stars are my game. And rhyming is also my game. So, uh, two games. Uh, anyway, that, that’s enough about me. I want to hear everything about you.
Girl: I have to go to the bathroom.
Raj: I go to the bathroom, too. Sometimes more frequently than I care to admit. Oh, I’ve had it checked out, it’s nothing. Hmm. This is going great. Mmm, can I have a refill on my chai tea? Yes, I have a good feeling about this. (Girl can be seen sneaking past window and leaving) I should have bought condoms.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hello, I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Welcome to Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags. My apologies that this episode is coming late. I did shoot one last week, in honour of Black History Month, but I was informed by my roommate that my spot-on portrayal of George Washington Carver could be considered wildly racist. My heart goes out to the members of the African-American community, who, like me, have been kept down by The Man. Now, Fun with Flags is not just for the flag aficionado, it’s also for the flag novice, so, to help me with that, please welcome my friend, neighbour, and flag virgin, yeah, not a real virgin. She’s had coitus many times. Sometimes within earshot of this flag enthusiast. Once while he was trying to watch The Incredibles. Penny.
Penny: Hello.
Sheldon: So, Penny, I understand you would like to learn more about flags.
Penny: Yeah, I can’t tell you how many times I’ve been at a party where everyone’s talking about flags and I just couldn’t join in.
Sheldon: Yeah. Well, you came to the right place.
Penny: Uh, I’m sorry, can we just pause for a minute?
Sheldon: What’s wrong?
Penny: I just think it might look more natural if you talked to me instead of the camera, you know, like, like a real conversation. It’s something we work on in my acting class.
Sheldon: Interesting. A few people in the comments section have said that my delivery is robotic. Perhaps that isn’t the compliment it sounds like.
Penny: Yeah, let’s try it again, and maybe, this time, you could work on your body language a bit. You know, when you’re all hunched like that, you’re shutting the audience out, but when you’re relaxed and open, you’re inviting them in.
Sheldon: Right. And which one do I want?
Penny: Let’s try open.
Sheldon: If our friend, the flag, has taught me anything, it’s to go where the wind takes you. As long as you remain firmly attached to a rigid pole. And, action. So, Penny, what sort of flag questions keep you awake at night?
Penny: Um, well, I’m from Nebraska. So what can you tell me about the state flag?
Sheldon: Gosh, Penny, what’d you have for breakfast? A big glass of good question juice? The Nebraska state flag is simply the state seal on a field of blue. Spread your legs, invite them in.
Scene: Outside Raj’s apartment.
Howard: I’m telling you, something’s wrong. I can always feel it when Raj is in trouble.
Bernadette: Geez, how close were you guys before we got married?
Leonard: Don’t look under that rock. (Knocking) Raj, you okay?
Howard: You in there?
Raj (off): Go away!
Leonard: Come on, buddy, open up.
Howard: We’re worried about you.
Raj (off): Oh, just because I’ve stopped going to work and answering my phone you think something bad happened? Maybe something good happened.
Bernadette: Did something good happen?
Raj (off): Of course not. Nothing good ever happens. (Opens door. He is wearing a stained vest, his hair is unkempt, and he is drinking wine from a bottle.)
Leonard: Whoa.
Raj: What?
Leonard: Nope, just, just, whoa.
Bernadette: It smells pretty ripe in here. You kind feel it in your eyes.
Leonard: Raj, what’s going on?
Raj: I was humiliated by yet another woman.
Howard: You didn’t kill her and chop her up, that’s not what we’re smelling, right?
Raj: No. I took her for coffee, and she snuck out the bathroom window to get away from me.
Bernadette: Oh, you poor baby.
Raj: I went and looked. It was a high and tiny window. She must have been very motivated.
Howard: I’m sorry. That’s awful, but come on, you got to shake it off.
Leonard: Yeah, you can’t stay in your apartment for the rest of your life.
Raj: Why not? With online shopping and overnight delivery, I can get anything I want. Look, I just ordered a case of Dinty Moore beef stew and two live lobsters on Amazon.
Leonard: Lobsters overnight?
Howard: Oh, you’re kidding. Let me see. Well, I’ll be. Look, you can throw in a couple steaks and have a surf and turf.
Leonard: The surf and turf sounds good. See if they have corn on the cob.
Bernadette: Guys, we’re trying to get him out of here, not you in.
Raj: You’re wasting your time. Just please, leave me alone.
Howard: Now what?
Leonard: I don’t know.
Bernadette: We could go to Red Lobster and talk about it. We’re all thinking it. I just had the decency to wait for him to leave.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy (on webcam): Hello, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hello. How’s the final stage of your nicotine addiction study going?
Amy: Fine. Just hold on. Mommy’s on the phone! Sorry. We’ve cut the monkeys down to one cigarette a day, so things are a little intense. Makes me miss my marijuana-abusing flatworms. Those guys were mellow.
Sheldon: Good news. Uh, the latest episode of Fun with Flags is online.
Amy: Oh, that’s right. How’d it go with Penny?
Sheldon: Much better than I expected. She even gave me some helpful tips about acting and body language. Watch. Welcome to my world. Not welcome to my world. Welcome. Not welcome.
Amy: Subtle, but powerful.
Sheldon: I know. I’m still learning to control it.
Amy: Did you tell Penny how helpful she was?
Sheldon: Why would I do that?
Amy: Because she’s your friend, and she did a nice job. I’m sure she’d like to hear it.
Sheldon: All right.
Amy: I didn’t mean now. Hello? Yeah, yeah, you want a cigarette. Well, I’d like a normal boyfriend. Deal with it.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Oh, hi. What’s up?
Sheldon: Um…
Penny: You need me to shut the door so you can do your knocking thing?
Sheldon: No. I didn’t start yet, it’s fine.
Penny: Okay. So, what do you need?
Sheldon: Well, I was thinking about you helping me out last night (knock, knock, knock) Penny. And I just wanted to tell you (knock, knock, knock) Penny, that the answer to the question, who did a great job? is you, (knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Penny: Really?
Sheldon: Yes, you were very natural in front of the camera, and I found your suggestions extremely helpful.
Penny: Aw, sweetie, you just made my day.
Sheldon: Okay.
Penny: Hey, my acting class is putting on a play Friday night. I could put you and Amy on the guest list.
Sheldon: Oh, that sounds terrible. Why would I want to do that?
Scene: The apartment.
Amy (on webcam): That’s right. They’re no good without the lighter.
Sheldon: Well, so much for your advice on complimenting Penny.
Amy: Why? What happened?
Sheldon: She tried to rope us into going to her acting class to see a play. Don’t worry. Luckily, I had the good sense to drown that kitten in the river.
Amy: Sheldon, that’s very rude. She helped you with your show. The right thing to do is reciprocate by going to see her play.
Sheldon: Oh, so many crazy rules.
Amy: That better be Tootsie Rolls you’re throwing at me!
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. Oh yeah, much better.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: Amy pointed out to me that since you did something nice for me, I’m obligated to do something nice for you. So, yes, I’ll go to your dopey play.
Penny: Hey, I don’t want you to go any more.
Sheldon: Why not?
Penny: You should go ’cause you want to go, not because you have to.
Sheldon: Oh, Dear Lord, more rules? Where does it stop? Can I want to go because I have to want to go?
Penny: Okay. Do whatever you want.
Sheldon: Yeah, but now, wait. Do whatever I want? Or whatever I have to want?
Penny: Oh, for God’s sake, just come to the play.
Sheldon: All right. I don’t want to, but at least that makes sense.
Scene: The comic book store.
Sheldon: You know, I haven’t seen Raj in several days. Is he no longer a part of our social group? And if so, should we be interviewing for a replacement? Perhaps, this time, we go Latin.
Howard: He’s just decided he’s never leaving his apartment again.
Sheldon: Oh, brilliant. I’ve been itching to pull that trigger.
Howard: He’s upset because he can’t get anywhere with women.
Sheldon: Would it help if I gave him some pointers? I’m just funnin’ ya.
Girl: Hi. I don’t know if you remember me, but I was here the other night at your party.
Stuart: Oh, yeah, you left with Raj.
Girl: Uh, yeah.
Howard: You’re the one? Okay, let me tell you something. That guy you blew off happens to be my best friend. Okay? He was devastated.
Girl: Sorry. Can you just give him this?
Howard: Okay. But I gotta warn you, Raj is a proud, passionate man. If you go running out on him again, you’re only gonna get, like, three or four more chances before you are history.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Howard: Come on, she came back. This is good news. You should celebrate.
Raj: I don’t want to celebrate.
Howard: Not even a little? I mean, we could have a pants party. Go put some on.
Raj: Why would I want her number? I don’t want anything to do with this woman.
Howard: Oh, come on, Raj.
Raj: No, you don’t get it. I want nothing to do with any woman. My heart is stone. From now on, I’m a monk. I renounce all worldly pleasures. Except for lobster. And garlic butter.
Howard: Boy, I want to tell you it’s her loss, but you are not making it easy.
Raj: You’re, you’re a good friend for trying to help, but, I’ve made my choice.
Howard: All right. Well, I’ll see you around.
Raj: See you. No, wait, take her number. I don’t want the temptation.
Howard: Okay.
Raj: I must be strong so I don’t stray from my true purpose, the study of the universe.
Howard: All right. Thanks for ruining lobster for me.
Scene: Outside on the street.
Raj: Wait! Give me the number! Give me the number! Give me the number!
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: So, Amy, what’s going on with your addiction study?
Amy: Sadly, I’m no longer associated with that project.
Leonard: Why? What happened?
Amy: Typical bureaucratic nonsense. You can get animals addicted to a harmful substance, you can dissect their brains, but you throw their own faeces back at them and suddenly you’re unprofessional.
Leonard: I’m sorry. That I asked.
Sheldon: All right, let’s get this stupid play over with.
Leonard: Uh, hang on. Empty your pockets.
Sheldon: Why?
Leonard: You know why. The Nintendo DS. And the PSP. Now the Gameboy.
Sheldon: Aw, for Pete’s sake. Can we go now?
Leonard: Well, is that all of it? (Pulls a Rubik’s cube from his pants.) Just set it down.
Amy: Just so you know, this is not a stupid play. A Streetcar Named Desire is an American classic.
Sheldon: It’s about streetcars? Oh, great. I won’t need this. (Pulls out an etch-a-sketch.)
Scene: Outside Raj’s apartment. The girl from the comic book store knocks on the door.
Raj: Just a sec. Oh, who says just a sec? I hate myself. Hello.
Girl: Hi.
Raj: Uh, would you like to come in?
Girl: Oh, no, I can’t stay.
Raj: Oh.
Girl: I just wanted to say, I’m sorry for running out of the coffee shop. That wasn’t cool. So, uh, yeah. I’m sorry.
Raj: Wait. Can you at least tell me what went wrong? It’s okay. I can take anything. Unless it’s something I did, or said, or am. ‘Cause those are, like, my buttons.
Girl: No, it’s not any of that. It’s just, I kind of have a hard time around people I don’t know.
Raj: Really? Then what were you doing at the comic book store that night?
Girl: I’ve been trying to force myself into situations that I’m not comfortable with. I saw the flyer in the store window, and I made myself go in. I don’t even like comic books.
Raj: Yeah, me neither.
Girl: Then what were you doing there?
Raj: I lied. I love them. I only said that so you’d go out with me.
Girl: Oh, you don’t want to do that. I’m kind of broken.
Raj: That’s great. I’m broken, too.
Girl: Oh, no, you’re not.
Raj: Oh, I totally am. If it wasn’t for this beer, I couldn’t even talk to you right now. I’m a wreck. There are many things seriously wrong with me. And not quirks, either. Like, diagnosable psychological problems. Maybe brain damage.
Girl: Well, how do I know you’re not just saying that?
Raj: Go out with me on one date, and I promise you, you’ll see.
Girl: Okay. Text me. Bye.
Raj: You won’t regret it. I’m the most pathetic guy you’ve ever met. And that, boys and girls, is how it’s done.
Scene: The theatre.
Penny (as Blanche DuBois) : You love her very much, don’t you?
Actor (as Mitch): Yes.
Penny: I think you have a great capacity for devotion. You’ll be lonely when she passes on, won’t you? I understand what that is.
Actor: To be lonely?
Leonard: She’s pretty good, huh?
Sheldon: She is. But when do they get to the part about streetcars?
Penny (as Blanche): …when I was a very young girl. When I was 16 years old, I made the discovery, love. All at once, and much, much too completely. It was like you suddenly turned a blinding light on something that had always been half a shadow. That’s how it struck the world for me. But I was unlucky. Deluded.
Sheldon: She’s remarkable.
Leonard: She really is.
Amy: Our Penny’s a star.
Sheldon: How can she remember all those lines, but as a waitress, she can’t remember no tomato on my hamburger?
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment 
Leonard: Look, I know you guys don’t want to do this, but we have no choice. So, you can either bitch and whine or we can just get it over with.
Howard: I got whine.
Sheldon: I got the B word.
Leonard: Yeah, well, it’s in our contract to serve on a university committee. And frankly, this is one I believe in. Okay, here we go. Encouraging more women to pursue a career in the sciences.
Howard: Come on, if I was any good at convincing women to do stuff, I wouldn’t have spent so much of my twenties in the shower.
Sheldon: If you ask me, this whole thing is a waste of our time.
Leonard: Helping women? Y
Sheldon: Helping anyone. People should take care of themselves.
Leonard: Oh, like yesterday, when you made me drive you to the dry cleaners, the pharmacy and the post office?
Sheldon: I’m not saying people can’t use tools. Even an otter picks up a rock when he wants a clam.
Leonard: You don’t think it’s worthwhile to try to get more women working in science.
Sheldon: I think that’s incredibly sexist of you. I believe in a gender-blind society like in Star Trek, where women and men of all races and creeds work side by side as equals.
Leonard: You mean where they were advanced enough to invent an interstellar warp drive, but a black lady still answered the space phone?
Howard: Oh, I did spend a lot of my shower time with Lieutenant Uhura.
Sheldon: Howard’s disturbing recollections aside, I don’t appreciate being forced to do banal committee work.
Leonard: Yes, I know, you’re too smart for this.
Sheldon: Exactly. It’s like asking the Human Torch to heat up your frozen burrito.
Leonard: Got it. All right, I’m thinking one way to counter bias in the peer-review process, is for papers to be submitted under gender-neutral names. Like S. Smith instead of Samantha Smith.
Sheldon: I suppose there is a history of professional women using their initials so as not to be pre-judged. Harry Potter’s J.K. Rowling, uh, Star Trek’s D.C. Fontana.
Howard: Van Nuys pole-dancer D.D. Melons. All right, I think we’ve really helped women today. Let’s fire up the old Xbox.
Leonard: Guys, please don’t make this a school project where I’m the smart kid doing all the work while the slackers sit back and watch.
Sheldon: We’re not. This time you’re the smart kid doing all the work while the even smarter kids sit back and watch.
Howard: So, you think I’m one of the smarter kids?
Sheldon: No, you’re a tool I was using to make my point.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Guys, our topic is encouraging women in science, can you at least play a less sexist game
Sheldon: How is it sexist? My character wields a battle axe as well as any man.
Howard: Not to mention she has mammary glands that could nurse a family of 30. And have enough milk left over to open a Baskin Robbins.
Sheldon: Mother, warrior-princess, franchise owner, I hear glass ceilings shattering all over town.
Leonard: Sheldon, you’re always saying how much smarter you are than me. Spend five seconds and come up with one idea on how to get more women into science.
Sheldon: All your ideas address the issue at a university level. By then it’s too late. You need to design an outreach program that targets girls at the middle school level and sets them on an academic track towards the hard sciences.
Leonard: That’s actually good. Why didn’t I think of that?
Sheldon: Some people are otters, some people are rocks.
Leonard: I wonder if there’s a way we could give the idea a trial run.
Howard: Maybe I could call my old middle school, see if we can talk to some of the female students.
Leonard: That’s great, try to set up something for the three of us to go over there.
Sheldon: Oh, hold on. While I’m comfortable speaking about science, I’m not sure I know how to spark the interest of schoolchildren. Better Google it.
Howard: What exactly are you looking up?
Sheldon: How do I get 12-year-old girls excited.
Leonard and Howard (together): No!
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Raj: Thanks again for letting me crash girls’ night.
Penny: Are you kidding? You brought fancy wine and made fondue. I’ve slept with guys for less. It’s a joke. Based on real events.
Raj: Anyway, I was hoping I could, uh, pick your brains a little. I’m supposed to take Lucy out Friday and I need a killer first date.
Amy: Well, evolutionary biology says that women are attracted to a man who is steady n the face of danger, so I recommend an unsafe environment. Seedy bar on the wrong side of the tracks, picnic near a lunatic asylum, a wine tasting on Skid Row.
Raj: Uh, Lucy has some, uh, social anxiety issues. Maybe we could start with something simpler.
Bernadette: Why don’t you take her to Disneyland? You go on Space Mountain, you’re in the dark, she’s holding onto you.
Penny: Yeah, but you just have to remember, that ride is shorter than you think and they take a picture of you at the end, so make sure you got your clothes back on. It’s a joke. Based on real events.
Raj: Mm, Disneyland? I don’t know. With all the crowds and the weird characters walking around, just reminds me too much of India.
Amy: I haven’t been to Disneyland since I was a kid. We should definitely go one weekend.
Bernadette: Weekends are too crowded.
Penny: So, blow off work, go on a weekday.
Amy: Hooky? I’ve never played hooky in my life. My mom said that’s how girls end up addicted to reefer and jazz music.
Penny: It’s more like how girls end up at a Best Western hotel with a 34-year-old guy named Luther.
Bernadette: Joke?
Penny: I can laugh about it now.
Bernadette: So, what do you say? This Friday we ditch work and go to Disneyland?
Penny: I’m in.
Amy: Me, too.
Raj: Excuse me, I thought we were trying to solve my problem?
Penny: Oh, yeah, right. Wait, what was your problem again?
Raj: I am a man who can’t talk to women, trying to figure out how to go on a romantic date with a girl who suffers from such crippling social anxiety she can’t be around other people.
Penny: Yeah, that’s a toughie.
Bernadette: Let’s think.
Amy: Hmm. We doing just Disney or California Adventure, too?
Scene: A school hallway.
Leonard: It’s nice of your old school to let us try out our science talk on some female students.
Howard: Well, they’re actually pretty excited. I’m their most famous alum. If you don’t count the serial killer who ate all those prostitutes.
Sheldon: This must feel pretty good for you, coming back to your alma mater as an astronaut.
Howard: Yeah, last time I was here, I was just a scrawny little nerd.
Leonard: And now you’re also an astronaut.
Howard: So many memories. I mean, how many times in these hallways was I tripped, punched and spit on? Oh, look, here’s my old locker. I have a masters in engineering and I still can’t figure out how Scott Kapinski got me and my briefcase to fit in there. (Kid bumps into him) Hey.
Kid: What?
Howard: Nothing.
Sheldon: Smart. We don’t want any problems.
Scene: Bernadette’s car.
Amy: I can’t believe I ditched work for Disneyland.
Bernadette: What did you tell your boss?
Amy: Oh, I was very clever, I did it in stages. At seven o’clock last night, I called about a problem at the lab and casually mentioned I was going out for seafood. At nine thirty, I called and told him that one of my scallops tasted weird. At eleven thirty, I called and said I was throwing up like a fire hose. At twelve forty-five, I called and made nothing but dry heaving sounds, and now I’m going to Disneyland.
Bernadette: Penny, what did you say?
Penny: I work at the Cheesecake Factory, I said bye.
Amy: So, what are we gonna do first?
Bernadette: I don’t know about you guys, but I’m gonna make a beeline for the place that gives you a princess makeover.
Amy: Ooh, that sounds like fun.
Penny: You’re kidding, right? We’re not just gonna get drunk and go on rides?
Amy: Come on, do it with us.
Penny: All right, whatever. How does it work?
Bernadette: Okay, so, you pick your princess, Sleeping Beauty, Snow White, Cinderella, they give you hair, makeup, the works.
Penny: Guess it would be fun to be Cinderella.
Amy: Oh, I want to be Cinderella, too.
Penny: Yeah.
Bernadette: We can’t all be Cinderella.
Amy: Then how do we decide?
Bernadette: Well, it’s simple. This was my idea. I’m driving. I’m Cinderella. You bitches got a problem with that, we could stop the car right now.
Scene: A library.
Raj: Excuse me, I’m meeting a girl here. It’s kind of our first date.
Man: In a library?
Raj: She and I are both a little awkward in social situations, so this seemed like a good idea.
Man: People say I’m a little awkward, too. May I join you?
Raj: No, you can’t join us. Just go, go climb back up whatever beanstalk you came down from.
Man (to Lucy): You can do better.
Lucy: Oh, we’re eating here? (Reading) We’re having a texting date? (By text) I love that.
Raj (by text): As you’re reading, it will help to remember I have an adorable accent.
Scene: A classroom.
Leonard: Okay, who’s ready for some science? Me, too. Okay, I am Dr. Leonard Hofstadter. I am here with my friends Dr. Cooper and real-life astronaut Howard Wolowitz, and we are going to show you girls how cool a job in science can be. How cool, you ask? Well, how about negative 273 degrees, ’cause that’s the temperature at which entropy reaches its minimum value. Did I just learn something new and have fun doing it? What? All right. So now let’s bring out theoretical physicist Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
Sheldon: Hello, female children. Allow me to inspire you with a story about a great female scientist. Polish-born, French-educated Madame Curie. Co-discoverer of radioactivity, she was a hero of science, until her hair fell out, her vomit and stool became filled with blood, and she was poisoned to death by her own discovery. With a little hard work, I see no reason why that can’t happen to any of you. Are we done? Can we go?
Later.
Howard: The thing to remember is you can go to outer space, too. I mean, look at me. I went to this very school. Those desks you’re sitting in, I was once superglued to one of them.
Girl: Did you go to the moon?
Howard: No, but I did go to the International Space Station.
Girl: Did you fly the rocket?
Howard: No, but I was in the rocket. I didn’t actually…
Girl: So you just flew around? That’s kind of like my uncle. He’s a flight attendant.
Howard: No, I’m an American hero. Your uncle brings people nuts, okay?
Leonard: Alright, alright. Boy, we are learning a lot here, huh? Thank you, astronaut Howard. Um, I am what’s called an experimental physicist, which is super-fun, because I get to test theories and work with lasers. Yes?
Girl 2: How did you decide to become a scientist?
Leonard: Uh, excellent question. Um, I suppose I’ve always been into science, you know. My mother and father are scientists, so I was kind of led in that direction. Uh, pushed might be a better way to describe it. To be honest with you guys, when I was your age, I wanted to be a rap star. Like Snoop Dogg, but with a healthy respect for the police. Yeah, no, sure, you laugh. Just like my mother did. After I confided, I was derided and chided, my moms and I collided. She said my dreams were misguided. That’s just a little freestyle.
Scene: The library.
Raj (by text): My dad’s a gynaecologist in India, so if you’re over there and need a check up, as he likes to say, he’s at your cervix.
Lucy(by text): That’s terrible. Your dad should be sent to the pun-itentiary.
Raj (by text): That’s a fitting pun-ishment. I still don’t know what you do for a living.
Lucy (by text): Web design.
Raj (by text): Anything I might have seen?
Lucy (by text): I don’t know. You ever look at porn Web sites?
Raj (by text): No, never. What is porn?
Lucy (by text): Sorry. Autocorrect. That was supposed to say prom Web sites.
Raj (by text): Ooh, fun. I love prom. The romance, the gowns, it’s like a fairy tale come to life. Sorry. Autocorrect. That was supposed to say, I like sports.
Scene: The classroom.
Leonard: I never wanted to play the cello. How do you meet girls playing the cello? Hey, you want to come over to my house and listen to me play an instrument that sounds like a suicidal bumblebee?
Howard: Quick, pull the fire alarm. Let’s get out of here.
Sheldon: Uh, hello again. Um, yeah, I don’t know if women in general have been actively discouraged from pursuing the sciences, but it’s clear you young women here, today, have been. While I was listening to my colleagues waste your time, it occurred to me that it might be much more meaningful to hear about women in science from actual women in science, and, uh, I happen to know two brilliant examples who have agreed to speak to you on the phone right now. Uh, Dr. Rostenkowski, Dr. Fowler, are you there?
Amy (voice): We’re here.
Sheldon: Thank you for taking time out of your very busy schedule to enlighten these young women.
Amy: It’s our pleasure. I’m Dr. Fowler, and I’m a neuroscientist.
Bernadette: And I’m Dr. Rostenkowski Wolowitz, and I’m a microbiologist.
Amy: The world of science needs more women, but from a young age, we girls are encouraged to care more about the way we look than about the power of our minds.
Bernadette: That’s true. Every one of you has the capacity to be anything you want to be.
Penny: Unless you want to be Cinderella.
Bernadette: Come at me. See what happens.
Scene: The library.
Raj (by text): This was really fun.
Lucy : My battery’s dying, so I’m just gonna talk. Thanks for today. I’ve been trying to do more things that scare me, and coming here was definitely one of them. But it was also really nice. So thanks, and, um, I’m gonna go. Maybe I could do one more scary thing before I go and give you a kiss good-bye? You know, if that’s okay. Okay. Panic attack. Maybe next time.
Raj: I’m counting that as foreplay.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: Bernie, I’m home. You have fun today?
Bernadette: Yes, and I have a surprise for you.
Howard: Please be Cinderella. Please be Cinderella.
Bernadette: Well, hello, Prince Charming.
Howard: Milady.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Leonard: Hey, how was your… what?
Penny: I can explain. I played hooky with the girls, then we all went to Disneyland and got… What are you doing?
Leonard (undressing): Disneyland. Go on, I’m listening.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Sheldon, all Snow White needs is one little kiss to wake up.
Sheldon: Heard you the first time.
 								
			
				Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Bernadette: What you doing?
Howard: You said clean up. I’m cleaning up.
Bernadette: You can’t just throw everything in the closet.
Howard: Hey, you can tell me what to do or you can tell me how to do it, but you can’t do both. This isn’t sex.
Bernadette: What if someone looks in there?
Howard: They’re just coming over for dinner. No one’s gonna look in the closet.
Bernadette: Well, you don’t know that. What if someone’s looking for the bathroom and they open that door?
Howard: Could work out. For all we know there’s a toilet in there somewhere.
Bernadette: Fine. But after tonight we need to get a handle on this mess.
Howard: You know what we should do? We should show the closet to Sheldon.
Bernadette: Why?
Howard: Are you kidding? He’s like a savant at organizing. Everything in his apartment has a label on it. Including his label maker, which has a label that says label maker. And if you look really close at that label maker label, you’ll see a label that says label.
Bernadette: He’s our guest, we can’t just ask him to straighten our closet.
Howard: No, we wouldn’t ask him. We’d just show him the closet and let the goblins in his head take it from there.
Later.
Howard: Hey, guys, come on in.
All: Hi.
Penny: Ooh, it smells good.
Bernadette: Thanks. And, Sheldon, I know tonight’s the night you eat Thai food, so I went to the Asian market, got all the ingredients and made it from scratch.
Sheldon: Oh, you shouldn’t have.
Bernadette: Oh, it’s my pleasure.
Sheldon: No, you really shouldn’t have. I brought my own.
Bernadette: You stopped and got him takeout?
Leonard: I had no choice. He kept kicking the back of my seat.
Bernadette: Sheldon, I’ve been cooking all day.
Sheldon: Well, now don’t you feel silly.
Bernadette: Show him the closet.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Raj: These spring rolls are amazing. Good job, Bernadette.
Bernadette: That’s the takeout that Sheldon brought.
Raj: Oh, well, I’m sure they wouldn’t have tasted nearly as good if I hadn’t tried your food first.
Sheldon: Howard, did you want your clothes arranged seasonally or by colour?
Howard: Colour’s fine.
Sheldon: Wrong, they’ll be arranged seasonally.
Penny: Sheldon, aren’t you gonna spend a little time with Amy?
Amy: Oh, it’s okay, I’m used to it. The other day at Whole Foods, he spent an hour optimizing the cheese aisle.
Sheldon: Yeah, and some thanks I got. The assistant manager chased me out with an artisanal salami.
Amy: His quirks just make you love him more. Someone please agree with me.
Scene: The closet.
Leonard: Sheldon, come on. It’s getting late. Time to go.
Sheldon: Oh, five more minutes.
Leonard: That’s what you said five minutes ago. Amy and Penny are already in the car. Let’s move it.
Sheldon: How come I never get to do anything I want to do?
Howard: You know, if he really wants to stay and finish, I can give him a ride home.
Sheldon: Please, Leonard, he said it’s okay.
Leonard: Sheldon, it’s, wait, I can go home without you? Bye.
Sheldon: Howard, I have a few questions. I found three bowling pins. Now, do you juggle these, or are you missing seven?
Howard: Juggle.
Sheldon: You health nuts kill me.
Bernadette: Oh, my God, it’s beautiful. Look, he found the juggling pins I hid.
Sheldon: Uh, just a couple more items. Howard, I found this letter from your dad in a box. Now, based on the content, it could either be filed…
Howard: Whoa, you opened this?
Sheldon: Well, I had to find out if it was personal correspondence or memorabilia. Now, as I was saying, based on the content…
Howard: I couldn’t be less interested. Now, come on, I’ll take you home.
Bernadette: Howard, don’t you want to know what’s in the letter?
Howard: If I wanted to know, I would’ve opened it years ago. The closet looks great. Let’s get out of here.
Sheldon: Wait, can I bring this box of extra shirt buttons to sort on the ride?
Howard: Do whatever you want.
Sheldon: Thanks. Oh. Great party.
Scene: The stairwell.
Leonard: You know, when I first met Howard, he would pull his scrotum out of his shorts and say, aw, I sat in gum.
Penny: What is your point?
Leonard: Well, it’s just kind of weird how grown up he is now. Happily married guy throwing dinner parties.
Penny: Really? You couldn’t just say that? You had to tell the scrotum story?
Leonard: Trying to paint a picture.
Penny: It was a nice change of pace not eating takeout around a coffee table.
Leonard: Mm, you know, we could throw a dinner party, too. Maybe even ask everyone to get dressed up.
Penny: Sure. Just, when you say dressed up, you mean nice clothes, right? Not, like, capes and tights and crap?
Leonard: Yeah. Although…
Penny: No.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Bernadette: Howie, you okay?
Howard: Yeah, I just couldn’t sleep.
Bernadette: Told you you shouldn’t have espresso after dinner. I know the little cups make you feel big, but it’s not worth it.
Howard: It’s this stupid letter.
Bernadette: Did you read it?
Howard: No.
Bernadette: You must be curious.
Howard: Of course I’m curious. I haven’t seen the man since, oh, I was a little kid. And a letter shows up on my 18th birthday? What’s that about?
Bernadette: Why don’t you read it? Maybe he apologizes or explains why he left.
Howard: He abandoned me and my mother. Why does he deserve a chance to explain anything?
Bernadette: I get that. So, what do you want to do with it?
Howard: Something I should have done a long time ago. (Sets fire to it)
Bernadette: Really? Are you sure?
Howard: Yep.
Bernadette: Feel better?
Howard: I do. (Smoke alarm goes off) Great. Neither one of us is tall enough to reach that.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Amy: I can’t believe he set it on fire.
Bernadette: Yeah, just seeing that letter really freaked him out. And he was already having a tough day ’cause he accidentally wore my pants to work. I don’t know why he was upset. They were bigger on him than me.
Amy: Boy, I’m really curious what was in that letter.
Bernadette: Me, too, but I guess now we’ll never know.
Amy: Well, you said Sheldon read it. Why not ask him?
Bernadette: I can’t do that. What kind of wife would I be if I didn’t respect my husband’s privacy?
Penny: What if I ask Sheldon, you just happen to be in the room?
Bermadette: That works.
Penny: Okay.
Scene: The laundry room.
Sheldon: Bleuch. Like cleaning out the entire building’s belly button.
Penny: Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, hello. What can I do for you ladies?
Amy: You have something we want.
Sheldon: Oh, dear. My mother warned me this is what happens to pretty boys in the big city.
Penny: No, we just want information.
Sheldon: Oh. Oh, I’ve got that in spades. Ravage me.
Penny: We heard you read the letter from Howard’s father.
Sheldon: I did.
Penny: What did it say?
Sheldon: I can’t tell you that. I’m bound by closet organizer/organizee confidentiality.
Amy: Sheldon, that’s not a real thing.
Sheldon: Well, neither is the rule that you have to hold your girlfriend’s hand at the movies. You know. That doesn’t stop you from pawing at me like you’re a bear and I’m a trash can full of sweets.
Penny: Why do you even care? Just tell us what it says.
Sheldon: Control over the information contained in that letter belongs to Howard. By happenstance, I came to know it. That doesn’t give me the right to disseminate it freely.
Penny: Come on. Look, the letter was found in Bernadette’s closet. Doesn’t that count for something?
Sheldon: Are you pointing out that California is a community property state, and since Howard and Bernadette are married, the intellectual property contained in that letter is jointly owned by the two spouses?
Penny: Yeah, obviously.
Sheldon: Well played. Sometimes I don’t give you enough credit, Penny.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Dude, you made the right choice coming to me for help with this party.
Leonard: Actually, all I did was invite you.
Raj: Well, put your mind at ease. I’m here to make sure your dinner party kicks Howard’s dinner party’s ass. Now, the first thing we need is a theme. I’m thinking, ah, turn-of-the-century Moulin Rouge.
Leonard: I’m thinking you need a testosterone patch. Penny and I just want to do something low-key. You know, cocktails, light jazz music, hors d’oeuvres.
Raj: So your theme is I saw a rerun of Mad Men and bought some crab puffs from Trader Joe’s? Hate to miss that.
Leonard: Hey, where have you been?
Sheldon: Oh, Leonard. If I was prone to sarcasm, I’d say I was pulling off a major heist at the museum of laundry baskets.
Leonard: One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. I meant, golly, Sheldon, you’ve been gone a long time.
Sheldon: Oh. Yeah, well, I was waylaid by Penny, Bernadette and Amy. They made me reveal confidential information about Howard’s father.
Leonard: What information?
Sheldon: I can’t tell you that. I am bound by closet organizer/organizee confidentiality.
Raj: Well, come on, we won’t tell anyone.
Sheldon: Sorry, badgering me won’t work. What you should have said is, It’s pointless to keep this a secret because Penny will tell us.
Leonard: Fine, then that.
Sheldon: All right, I’ll tell you. My goodness, everyone’s on their game today.
Scene: The apartment kitchen.
Amy: This is really fun.
Raj: Yeah, it’s nice to get dressed up once in a while.
Penny: Yeah, and the hors d’oeuvres are delightful.
Leonard: As is the company.
Penny: Aw.
Sheldon: My shirt is itchy and I wish I were dead.
Leonard: Hey, uh, listen, everybody. Before Howard gets here, et’s all just agree to not bring up the letter from his father.
Raj: Of course.
Penny: Sure.
Amy: Absolutely.
Sheldon: If I say yes, can we turn off that Latin orgy music?
Scene: The stairwell.
Howard: Ridiculous that we still have to walk up all these flights of stairs.
Bernadette: Yeah, try doing it in heels.
Howard: I am.
Bernadette: Wait. There’s something I have to tell you.
Howard: What?
Bernadette: I know what was in your dad’s letter.
Howard: Sheldon, I swear to God, I’m gonna kill you.
Amy: Hey.
Bernadette: I made him tell us.
Howard: What? Us? Who else knows?
Penny: I know.
Amy: Me, too.
Leonard: Same here.
Raj: Shame on all of you.
Leonard: You know, too.
Raj: Couldn’t leave him one friend, could you?
Howard: So everybody knows what’s in that letter except for me?
Sheldon: Yes, it’s six against one. Stand down, sir.
Howard: How could you do this?
Bernadette: I’m sorry.
Raj: If you want, we could tell you.
Howard: No, I don’t want to know. I mean, I do, but… I got to go.
Amy: Use me as a human shield!
Sheldon: I panicked. He looked taller than usual.
Scene: The closet.
Bernadette (off): Howard?
Howard: In here.
Bernadette: I’m sorry. I should have left it alone.
Howard: It’s okay. Sorry I ran off like that.
Bernadette: What are you looking at?
Howard: Uh, pictures of my dad and me when I was a kid.
Bernadette: That’s nice.
Howard: I got to tell you, as angry as I am at Sheldon for blabbing, he did a hell of a job organizing this closet. Look at this. Photos of Wolowitz family before father left forever. Check out nine-year-old Howie with cornrows. Neither race was happy to see me with those.
Bernadette: Think you could take a break?
Howard: Why?
Bernadette: Got a little surprise for you. Come on.
Howard: Oh, honey, I am in no mood to have sex tonight. I’ll lay there if you absolutely have to have it, but… Oh. What are you guys doing here?
Leonard: When you left, you weren’t sure whether or not you wanted to know what was in your dad’s letter, so we came up with kind of a cool solution.
Howard: Oh, yeah, what’s that?
Sheldon: It’s simple, really. It occurred to me that knowing and not knowing can be achieved by creating a macroscopic example of quantum superposition. The, the principle that a physical system exists partially in all its possible states at once.
Penny: We were all thinking it, really. It was kind of the elephant in the room, so…
Sheldon: Anyway, um, I realized that if we each present you with an account of what your father wrote to you, only one of which is true, and then we don’t tell you which one it is, you will forever be in a state of epistemic ambivalence.
Penny: Yeah. And I said if it wasn’t epistemic, we might as well not do it.
Bernadette: Sit down, honey.
Leonard: Raj, you’re up.
Raj: Okay, um, It was a card for your 18th birthday. Inside it said, Happy birthday, Howard. I love you. Dad. Oh, and it was a Far Side card, the one where the frog has its tongue stuck to the underside of an airplane. Thinks it’s a fly. Silly frog. So funny.
Leonard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: It was a map leading to the lost treasure of famous pirate One-Eyed Willy.
Howard: Nice try. That’s the plot for Goonies.
Amy: Told you.
Sheldon: Don’t.
Leonard: Amy.
Amy: You didn’t know it, but your father was in the auditorium at your high school graduation. And he cried because he was so proud of you.
Howard: Really?
Sheldon: Or that’s complete poppycock which Amy made up. It still could be the map.
Leonard: Penny.
Penny: It was a letter explaining that your dad wasn’t who he said he was. Eventually, his other life caught up to him, and the only way to keep you and your mom safe was to leave.
Sheldon: I would like to change mine. The pirate’s name was Peg-Leg Antoine. Now it’s completely different from Goonies.
Amy: No, it’s not.
Sheldon: Don’t.
Leonard: Okay, my turn. Your dad wrote about how family is the most important thing, and that you should never throw it away like he did.
Howard: Hmm.
Leonard: Bernadette.
Bernadette: Inside the envelope was a picture of your dad holding you the day you were born. On the back he wrote Howard, my son, my greatest gift. You okay?
Howard: Yeah. I’m terrific.
Leonard: So, which one do you think it is, matey?
Howard: Actually, I don’t want to know. I want all of them to be true.
Leonard: Well, one of them is.
Howard: That’s pretty cool. Thank you, guys.
Penny: Hey, it’s still early. Why don’t we go back and have that party?
Raj: Yeah,
Leonard: Yeah, cool.
Amy: Okay.
Sheldon: You know, surprisingly, uh, the letter from your father wasn’t the most interesting thing I read in the closet. Bernadette’s diary has some saucy passages.
Bernadette: Sheldon, don’t you dare.
Sheldon: There’s nothing to worry about. Your secret’s safe with me.
Bernadette: That’s more like it.
Sheldon: Although copyright law would allow me to quote snippets in the context of a review.
Scene: The apartment.
Bernadette: Glad you’re feeling better.
Howard: Me, too. If I’d known we were gonna be dancing, would have worn my flats.
Penny: This turned out pretty well, huh?
Leonard: Yeah, I think so.
Raj: I agree. That is, if you’ve never been to or heard of a party before.
Amy: If you’d let me pierce your brain with a hot needle in the right place, you’d be happy all the time.
Sheldon: Uh, Penny, I, I have a couple of questions about your closet. Is there any reason you’re keeping this dead goldfish?
Penny: Damn, I forgot to feed him. And that I had him.
Sheldon: Well, now, did you also have a dog? Because I found what appears to be a battery-operated chew toy.
Penny: Party’s over! Party’s over!
 								
			
				Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: I was reading about this jellyfish that never dies. Instead, it reverts to its asexual state and then grows up again.
Howard: We thought my 90-year-old grandfather had reverted to an asexual state, but the lawsuit from his Jamaican caregiver proved us all wrong.
Leonard: My point is, immortality is not only a possibility, it is real.
Raj: Only if you’re this jellyfish which periodically reverts to a mass of undifferentiated protoplasm.
Sheldon: If I could keep my Gmail account, I’d be okay with that.
Barry: – Hewwo, fewwas.
All: Hey.
Barry: Wemember when we were twying to figuwe out what that smell coming fwom Pwofessor Tupperman’s office was?
Howard: Yeah?
Barry: Turns out it was Tupperman. Dead at his desk for two weeks.
Howard: That’s terrible.
Leonard: Oh, my God.
Barry: In wieu of fwowers, the department chair is asking that evewyone donate a bottle of Febweze.
Sheldon: If we’re going to change the topic from jellyfish, I’d be okay with brine shrimp or the history of the unicycle.
Howard: Show a little compassion, a man died.
Barry: And turned into a puddew of goo. Now, we can either sit awound and cwy over spilt pwofessor, or we can wejoice in the knowwedge that a tenured position has just opened up. I choose to do the watter.
Sheldon: Excuse me, the whole tenure system is ridiculous. A guaranteed job for life only encourages the faculty to become complacent. If we really want science to advance, people should have chips implanted in their skulls that explode when they say something stupid.
Raj: Well, I believe people do their best work when they feel safe and secure.
Sheldon: Pchew!
Barry: If you need my nose, you’ll find it firmwy wodged up the qectum of the tenure committee.
Howard: You Ph.D’s gonna go suck up like Kripke?
Leonard: No. I mean, I’ll apply, but I’m not gonna stoop to playing politics.
Raj: Yeah, me neither. It should be about the work. And if I can’t get tenure, I’d like to see you or Sheldon get it.
Sheldon: Raj, don’t dangle false hope in front of Leonard like that.
Leonard: Excuse me, but I think I’m just as qualified as you are.
Sheldon: Pchew! Pchew! Pchew! Pchew!
Credits sequence.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Penny: So tenured means a job for life?
Leonard: Yup.
Penny: You can’t get fired even if you’re bad at it?
Leonard: Mm, not really.
Penny: Wow, sounds a lot like being a pretty waitress at the Cheesecake Factory.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: While I disagree with the premise of tenure, if they gave it to me, it wouldn’t diminish my output. You know, I’m like the sun. Can’t turn this off.
Amy: Are Rajesh and Leonard competing for it as well?
Sheldon: Mm-hmm.
Amy: Do they know they don’t stand a chance ’cause you’re so great?
Sheldon: Well put. You know, I must say I go back and forth on this boyfriend-girlfriend thing, but those moments when you worship me really keep you in the running.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Raj: It would be nice to have the increased income. Stop taking money from my parents.
Howard: Money from family does come with strings attached.
Raj: You have no idea. They buy me a new BMW for my birthday but can I get seat warmers? No. Rajesh, if you want a warm butt, you’re gonna have to pay for it yourself. Well, maybe I will, old man.
Bernadette: I think that’s enough wine for now.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Leonard: I just keep thinking about how cool it would be if I called my mom and told her that I got tenure at Caltech.
Penny: She’d be proud, huh?
Leonard: Oh, very. Assuming she takes my call.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: My primary concern with being granted tenure is living with an insanely jealous roommate after the fact. I might need to sleep with a gun under my pillow. Or a chainsaw.
Amy: Or you take advantage of your newfound economic stability and move out, buy a house, get married. start a family.
Sheldon: Or, the chainsaw.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Raj: And I will return to New Delhi in triumph atop a bejeweled white elephant. And you know what will be on that elephant’s back? A seat warmer. No, Father, you may not have a ride.
Bernadette: I’m gonna make some coffee.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: So, who do you have to schmooze to get this deal?
Leonard: I’m not gonna schmooze anybody. I’m gonna let my work speak for itself.
Penny: That’s great. That shows a lot of integrity.
Leonard: Thank you. I’m a naive idiot, right?
Penny: Oh, good, you heard me.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: You know, if you really want tenure, maybe you should cozy up to the people making the decision.
Sheldon: Sheldon Cooper does not do cozy.
Amy: You don’t say.
Sheldon: But I suppose it wouldn’t hurt to know who’s on the committee. Let’s see. Oh, Janine Davis. Oh, dear.
Amy: Is that a problem?
Sheldon: Well…
(Flashback to Series 6, Episode 12, The Egg Salad Equivalency)
Sheldon: Even you. You’re a slave.
Janine: I’m a what?
(End of flashback)
Sheldon: I’m not sure, it could go either way.
Scene: The university gymnasium.
Leonard: Hey-hey-hey-hey-hey. Mrs. Davis.
Janine: Hey.
Leonard: Hey.
Janine: Dr. Hofstadter.
Leonard: Yeah. Just thought I’d come down and start getting ready for swimsuit season.
Janine: Good for you.
Leonard: Not that you need it. I bet you look great in a swimsuit.
Janine: Thank you.
Leonard: I’ve got what my father used to call furniture disease. My chest is falling into my drawers. I’m not, uh, familiar with this model. How do I make it start?
Janine: You push start.
Leonard: Right. This one might be broken.
Janine: You have to move.
Leonard: Got it. Oh. There. Oh, yeah. Yeah, now I’m feeling it. Oh, this is great. I could do this for the rest of my life. Hey, speaking, speaking of things you do for the rest of your life, uh, did I read that you’re on that-that tenure committee?
Janine: Yep. I got to get a home gym.
Leonard: Well, I’m sure you have a lot of good applicants, I just wanted to say hi and let you know that I’ll be throwing my hat in the ring.
Janine: All right, I’ll keep an eye out for that.
Leonard: Yeah.
Barry: Hey, Hofstadter. Funny seeing you here for the first time in… ever.
Leonard: Go away.
Barry: Janine the Machine, wet’s do this!
Janine: Hey, Barry.
Leonard: Well, look at that. Burned a whole calorie.
Barry: I guess you got here ewwy to burn off that banana bwead I baked you.
Janine: Yeah, it was delicious. Thank you.
Barry: No, my pweasure.
Leonard: Oh, if you, if you like banana bread, I’ve got a-a great recipe. The trick is in, in fresh ground, I’ll e-mail it to you.
Barry: Aw wight, I’m warm. Weady to kick it up a notch?
Janine: Let’s go.
Leonard: That’s enough cardio for me. I’m just gonna stretch out before I hit the weights.
Janine: You okay?
Leonard: Call someone.
Scene: Janine’s office. There is a sound on her computer. It opens up an online video.
Raj: Good day, Mrs. Davis. This is Dr. Rajesh Koothrappali from the astrophysics department. Don’t be alarmed, I’m not really in space. Anyhoo, I’d like to take this opportunity to tell you about myself, so sit back, relax and enjoy the following 90-minute video.
Janine: Oh, come on.
Raj: Born in New Delhi, the third son of an itinerant gynecologist, I showed early signs of genius. At the age of five I discovered a celestial object which later turned out to be the moon.
Shelldon (off): (Knock, knock, knock) Mrs Davis? (Knock, knock, knock) Mrs Davis? (Knock, knock, knock) Mrs Davis?
Janine: God, they’re everywhere. Come in. Dr. Cooper, how can I help you?
Sheldon: Yes, hello. I’m fine. Um, I understand you may have a bad impression of me, so I bought you a gift.
Janine: Uh, Dr. Cooper, that’s not necessary.
Sheldon: It’s too late. Get ready to like me.
Janine: Roots?
Sheldon: The tragic history of slavery in America. Fun for the whole family.
Janine: Why would you think this is an appropriate gift?
Sheldon: Um… Well… You are black, right?
Janine: This meeting has come to an end.
Sheldon: Because you want to start watching it right now. Copy that. Let’s see. Up next on the tenure committee is Professor Wu. Well, get ready for the complete works of Jackie Chan.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: Gentlemen.
Raj: Where have you been?
Leonard: Nurse’s office.
Howard: Asthma attack?
Leonard: Asthma, heart, some kind of attack. I’m fine, though.
Howard: You guys going to Professor Tupperman’s memorial?
Raj: I don’t know.
Leonard: Probably not.
Sheldon: Barely knew him.
Howard: Yeah, you wouldn’t want to look like you guys are brown-nosing the tenure committee, who will all be there. Oh, yeah, that’s what I was hoping for, meerkats.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: I won’t be able to make our date night this Thursday, so, bad news for you.
Amy: Well you better have a good excuse this time, because trimming Q-tips to fit your ears right is obvious nonsense.
Sheldon: First of all, when you say things like that, people think you’re crazy. Second, the reason I’m cancelling is because I have to attend a memorial service for Professor Tupperman.
Amy: It sounds like a long and tedious evening.
Sheldon: Eh, it will be. Honestly, if I must endure a long and tedious evening, I’d rather it be with you on date night. But I have no choice. The tenure committee’s going to be there.
Amy: Oh. Well, in that case, perhaps I should come along.
Sheldon: Well, now that I think about it, that would be most helpful.
Amy: Of course it would. I’m well-versed in academic politics, and as a respected scientist, I can only raise your stock as a candidate.
Sheldon: Actually, I meant you could drive me. But if it makes you happy, that other stuff, too.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Leonard: Do anything interesting today?
Penny: Oh, not really. I was out shopping with Amy. She wanted me to help her find something for this memorial thing.
Leonard: Wait, Sheldon’s going to be there? We all promised we weren’t going to go.
Penny: Oh, what a jerk.
Leonard: I know. I was hoping to go without anyone finding out.
Penny: Well, since Amy’s going, do you want me there? You know, to support you?
Leonard: Oh, that’s nice, but it-it’s just gonna be a room full of boring old men and I’m not sure how much help you’d be.
Penny: Okay. I’m just gonna tie my shoe while you think about that.
Leonard: Oh, yeah. No. Thanks, that would be great help. You realize you might kill some of them.
Penny: Oh, then you all can get tenure.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj: Come on, Daddy. All the other scientists have seat warmers. This is so humiliating. I’ve got to get tenure. Okay, let’s meet halfway. How about I cut my cleaning lady down to twice a week? Looks like we’re both going to be living like animals.
Scene: The memorial.
Amy: Let’s go over our emotional responses one last time.
Sheldon: Okay.
Amy: Professor Tupperman is dead, and that makes us?
Sheldon: Sad.
Amy: The fact that there are so many people here tonight doesn’t make us cranky and claustrophobic. It makes us?
Sheldon: Glad.
Amy: Giving Mrs. Davis the box set of Roots was?
Sheldon: Bad. However…
Amy: No.
Sheldon: Fine. Bad.
Raj: Unbelievable. You have some nerve showing up here just to schmooze with the tenure committee.
Sheldon: You’re here.
Raj: Excuse me. I’m here to pay my respects to Professor Tupperware, or whatever his name is.
Sheldon: So am I. His passing makes me feel bad.
Leonard: Well, well, well, Sheldon, fancy meeting you here. I guess the train store in Glendale wasn’t having a cotillion after all. And you, you said you weren’t coming here, either.
Raj: I have a thick accent. You don’t know what I said.
Amy: I’d like to know why Penny’s here.
Penny: I’m here to support my man, just like you.
Sheldon: What are you going to do? Take people’s drink orders and get them wrong?
Leonard: Do it.
Sheldon: What? Did she do it yet?
Amy: She plans on flirting with members of the tenure committee to further Leonard’s cause.
Sheldon: Well, that’s a fine how-do-you-do. Don’t just stand there. Take your breasts out.
Howard: Ooh, meerkat fight!
Amy: You’re all wasting your time. Sheldon is the most qualified for the job, and no amount of gravity-defying bosom’s going to change that. Seriously, is that tape? Like, how are they staying up like that?
Leonard: Way to hit ’em with both barrels.
Raj: You two should be ashamed of yourselves. Using women to advance your cause with sexuality, and whatever Amy plans on doing.
Sheldon: Are you implying that my girlfriend has no sexuality to exploit?
Raj: Yes.
Sheldon: Okay, because that was not clear.
Amy: Sheldon!
Sheldon: What? That was ambiguous.
Raj: Well, now it’s biguous. What are you gonna do about it?
Sheldon: Um…
Howard: You could talk some smack about his mother.
Sheldon: Well, yes, of course, he wouldn’t like that at all. Last night, I was feeling in need of sexual release when I happened to come across your mother.
Leonard: Okay, okay. Guys, what are we doing here?
Sheldon: I don’t know what you’re doing, but I was about to insinuate that I had coitus with Raj’s mother for a dollar.
Leonard: Oh, you do what you want, but I don’t want to lose my friends over tenure. Friends are forever.
Howard: So is tenure.
Bernadette: Walk.
Leonard: I’m just gonna go home and let my work speak for itself.
Raj: You’re right. This is beneath me. Lie your mother was last night.
Leonard: How about it, Sheldon?
Sheldon: What do you think I should do?
Amy: Well, you’ll always be an academic success, but I seriously question whether you’ll make any more friends.
Sheldon: I don’t want any more, but let’s go.
Barry: Are you kidding? I would wove to baby-sit for you.
Janine: I could not ask you to do that.
Barry: Nonsense. Childwen wove me. Something about me just makes them waugh and waugh.
Leonard: No. We cannot lose to that jerk.
Raj: Yeah, screw it. I’m going in.
Sheldon: Wait. Hold on. I believe screw it, I’m going in is what I said to your mother last night. Don’t worry, I didn’t really say that. I find the concept of coitus ridiculous and off-putting.
Amy: Should have taken my breasts out while I had the chance.
Scene: Janine’s office.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Mrs Davis? (Knock, knock, knock) Mrs Davis? (Knock, knock, knock) Mrs Davis? I know you’re in there. I saw your car in the parking lot.
Janine: What?
Sheldon: I just found out that you recommended myself, Dr. Hofstadter and Dr. Koothrappali to be on the short list for tenure.
Janine: Well, despite your quirks, the three of you are very accomplished in your respective fields.
Sheldon: I don’t know what you mean by quirks, but, um, I do want to express my gratitude.
Janine: You didn’t bring another gift, did you?
Sheldon: No, no. No, I learned my lesson. I understand that was inappropriate.
Janine: Good.
Sheldon: Anyway, thank you.
Janine: You’re welcome. (Sheldon attempts a jive handshake) I’m gonna pretend that didn’t happen.
Sheldon: Yeah, right on, sister.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Oh, dear. Penny, have you been recording shows on our DVR again?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Answer honestly. This is not a trial. That’ll come later.
Penny: Absolutely not. Help me out here, I can’t afford another demerit.
Leonard: Yeah. Uh, maybe we were hacked. You know, the Chinese have been hacking everything lately.
Sheldon: Why would the Chinese make our DVR record Paul Blart: Mall Cop?
Leonard: I don’t know. It’s a fat guy on a Segway. That’s funny everywhere.
Sheldon: I’m deleting it.
Penny: Well, hang on. Maybe the Chinese haven’t finished watching it yet.
Leonard: You know, if you’re trying to make space on the DVR, why don’t you just get rid of some of the stuff you’ve already watched? Like, um, Alphas.
Sheldon: No, that’s the season two finale. That was quite the cliffhanger. I’m going to re-watch it before season three starts.
Leonard: There is no season three. They cancelled that show.
Sheldon: Well, they can’t cancel it. It ended on a cliffhanger.
Leonard: They did.
Penny: Uh, Sheldon, there are two dumplings left. Do you want them?
Sheldon: Dumplings? Don’t you understand what’s going on here?
Penny: As a rule, no.
Sheldon: That show ended with all the residents of New York either dead or unconscious. Oh, now I’ll never know what happened.
Penny: Well, why don’t you make up your own ending?
Sheldon: Oh, sure, what a wonderful idea. And after that, I’ll make up my own rules of oral hygiene. You know, instead of flossing, I’ll rub pudding on my gums. I’m going to get the number of the SyFy Channel and give them what for.
Leonard: Oh, please, don’t do that.
Sheldon: No. They can’t just cancel a show like Alphas. You know? They have to help the viewers let go. Firefly did a movie to wrap things up. Buffy the Vampire Slayer continued on as a comic book. Heroes gradually lowered the quality season by season till we were grateful it ended.
Penny: I feel bad for whoever gets that phone call.
Leonard: Ah, don’t. If they didn’t want to be yelled at by crazy nerds, they shouldn’t have started a sci-fi channel.
Credits sequence
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Howard: I think you’re gonna be really happy with this security camera. The optics are great, it’s got infrared technology, and there’s even a backup battery when the power goes out.
Raj: Whatever. I can see my little princess while I’m at work, right?
Howard: Why can’t you just watch porn like a regular guy? I need your laptop so I can configure the software.
Raj: Wait, hold on. This is weird.
Howard: What?
Raj: I was Googling that girl I’ve been dating, and I found her blog.
Howard: Cool. Anything juicy?
Raj: She said she recently went on a date with a guy named Roger? And he’s Indian? And he’s an astrophysicist, too?
Howard: You know what’s going on, don’t you?
Raj: Yes, Mummy was right. American girls are sexually voracious devils.
Howard: I can’t believe I have to explain this. People change names on blogs to protect their privacy. Roger is Raj.
Raj: Oh. I always thought, if I had a white name, it would be Gavin.
Howard: Keep reading. What does it say?
Raj: No, no, I don’t know if I should. If she wanted me to know about her blog, she would’ve told me. It’s almost like I’m reading her diary.
Howard: It’s exactly what it’s like. Keep reading.
Raj: No, this is creepy.
Howard: Oh, I think we were looking at creepy in the rearview mirror when I put up that camera.
Raj: It’s not creepy. Don’t listen to him. Oh, look who’s got the sweetest kisses.
Howard: Should I go?
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Leonard: With all the TV Sheldon was talking about, I had the greatest idea ever. It even blows away my idea for a Star Wars themed coffee shop called Brewbacca’s. You need to watch Buffy the Vampire Slayer. It is the perfect show for the two of us. It’s got action and jokes and hot vampires and romance. I cannot oversell this. What do you say?
Penny: It’s six thirty in the morning.
Leonard: I thought you grew up on a farm.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon (on phone): Hello, SyFy Network? Yeah, this is your vice president of programming. Now, we have made a horrible mistake regarding Alphas. Yeah, we need to uncancel it immediately. Well, you just put me through to the people who handle that, you tell them it’s me, and I don’t want to answer a lot of questions about if I really am who I say I am, you know? I just. I want this done. No, I am not the person who just called. That man was clearly a cowboy. Yeah, who was plumb concerned about y’all cancelling his favourite show. Why do they keep hanging up on me?
Amy: I’m sorry you’re upset. You know, Sheldon, sometimes people seek the comfort of physical contact in moments like this.
Sheldon: I am not flying back to Texas just so my mom can give me a hug.
Amy: Okay. Well, what I think is going on here is you have a pathological need for closure.
Sheldon: Oh, that’s nonsense. I mean, you tell me stories about your day all the time. I don’t care how they end.
Amy: You know, I might be able to help you with this. There’s a whole field of behavioural neuroscience that examines ways to retrain your neural pathways so stuff like this bothers you less.
Sheldon: Yeah, but I just told you, I don’t have a problem with closure.
Amy: You sure about that?
Sheldon: Oh, quite sure. (Amy starts a knocking sequence on the table. After staring at her a moment, Sheldon completes it.) That proves nothing.
Scene: Raj’s office.
Howard: Ready to go to lunch?
Raj: Do you think I’m feminine?
Howard: Yeah. Let’s go.
Raj: Thanks a lot.
Howard: What’s going on?
Raj: I broke down, and I read Lucy’s blog, and in one of the entries she said, when we first met, I struck her as a little feminine.
Howard: Just a little? That’s great.
Raj: I have to talk to her about this.
Howard: Oh, geez, why do you girls always want to talk about things? Listen to me, if she’s writing about your relationship, use it to your advantage. Rig the game.
Raj: Well, that doesn’t seem fair.
Howard: Is it fair that girls like confident, normal guys more than nervous weirdos?
Raj: No, it’s not. I’ve always thought that was unfair.
Howard: So take what’s in that blog and use it to get her pants off.
Raj: Why do you have to make everything so filthy? Why couldn’t you just say the blog is like her giving me the key to her heart?
Howard: The key to her heart. That’s nice. Were you quoting someone or is it tattooed on the small of your back?
Raj: I was quoting a man who knows a thing or two about women, Sir Elton John.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Leonard: So, did you love it? Of course you loved it. How could you not love it? Tell me how much you loved it.
Penny: It was cute.
Leonard: Oh, don’t say cute. That’s the worst.
Penny: What’s wrong with cute?
Leonard: It just makes things seem small. It diminishes them.
Penny: So you want me to stop calling your little tushy cute?
Leonard: You can try, but nobody’s gonna believe you. I just, I don’t understand how you can watch a show that great and not be excited by it.
Penny: I liked it. I’m excited.
Leonard: Well, then, tell your face.
Penny: What do you want from me?
Leonard: You know what? Never mind. We gave it a shot. Let’s just see what else is on.
Penny: Oh, come on, don’t be like that.
Leonard: Well…
Penny: I’m sorry I called it cute. Let’s watch another one.
Leonard: Really?
Penny: Yeah, it was fun. Kind of reminded me of my high school. But instead of vampires, we had meth heads. But both came out at night and had messed up teeth.
Leonard: All right, cool. I think you’ll like the next one better. All the cheerleaders are suffering from an evil curse.
Penny: Oh. Well, that’s like my high school, too. But instead of a curse, it was crabs.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: I’ve come up with a series of exercises to help with your compulsive need for closure.
Sheldon: I take issue with the word compulsive.
Amy: All I’m saying is, we live in a world where closure isn’t always an op…
Sheldon: …tion. Okay. For the sake of argument, let’s say I have a problem. What would be your plan for addressing it?
Amy: I’m going to recondition your brain so that the need for completion isn’t so overwhelming.
Sheldon: By playing tic-tac-toe?
Amy: Yep. Your turn.
Sheldon: Oh, Amy. And you wonder why people think neuroscience is nothing but a goofy game for diaper babies. Tic-tac-toe can only end in win, lose or draw, none of which will deny me closure. Especially since I’m about to win. (She wipes the board clean.) B-But we didn’t finish.
Amy: Exactly. How does that make you feel?
Sheldon: The same way any normal person would. I feel like I want to peel off my own face and tear it in two and then again and again until I have a handful of Sheldon-face confetti.
Amy: And that’s exactly the feeling we want to address with this course of treatment.
Sheldon: Or you could pitch in, grab a nostril and help me get this face off.
Amy: Come on, you can do this.
Sheldon: You don’t know what it’s like to feel completely frustrated. To have a desire build up within you and be denied any opportunity for release.
Amy: Yeah, sounds like a drag.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Okay, help me out here. Why does he love this show so much?
Bernadette: Well, there was action, it was funny. I mean, you do get that usually the monster chases the pretty girl, but this time the pretty girl chases the monsters?
Penny: Yippee, it’s backwards. I get it.
Bernadette: Why does this bother you so much?
Penny: I don’t know. It’s just, he’s so passionate about so many different things. I just don’t get that way. Do you?
Bernadette: Well, sure. I’m pretty passionate about science. I remember the first time I looked through a microscope and saw millions of tiny microorganisms. It was like a whole other universe. If I wanted to, I could wipe it out with my thumb like a god.
Penny: See? I wish I had some of that fire in my life. I mean, I want to care about things and get excited like you guys.
Bernadette: Well, there’s no reason you can’t.
Penny: You think?
Bernadette: Absolutely. All we need to do is spend a little time and find something you’re passionate about.
Penny: Ugh, that sounds like a lot of work.
Scene: Raj’s apartment. 
Howard (on webcam): Hey, what’s up?
Raj: Uh, Lucy’s coming over. I need some advice.
Howard: However long you think the foreplay should be, triple it.
Raj: Just tell me which one you think is more manly. This hockey jersey or this football jersey.
Howard: I don’t know. Go with hockey.
Raj: Good, black is more slimming. Oh, that’s her. I got to go be butch. Toodles. Hey.
Lucy: Hi.
Raj: Come in.
Lucy: Oh, look how cute your little doggy is.
Raj: Yeah, well, I wouldn’t get too close. If I give the right command in German, she’ll rip your face off.
Scene: The apartment. Montage of scenes.
1. Amy (singing): O’er the land of the free, and the home of the… Next.
2. (Sheldon is laying out an intricate pattern of dominoes) Amy: That’s quite an impressive layout, isn’t it?
Sheldon: Yes.
Amy: Let’s box it up.
Sheldon: Let’s box it up.
3. (Sheldon is turning the handle on a jack-in-the-box. Just before the end of the tune) Amy: That’s enough. Sheldon, Sheldon, give it!
4. Amy: Okay, Sheldon, make a wish and blow out the candles. Oops, missed one. Now your wish can’t come true.
Sheldon: Lucky for you, ’cause I wished you were dead.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Lucy: I like your jersey.
Raj: Thanks. I love hockey.
Lucy: Oh, cool. So does my dad. We watched it all the time growing up. Who’s your favourite player?
Raj: Not Brian Boitano, that’s for sure. How’s your burrito?
Lucy: It’s still a little frozen in the middle.
Raj: Probably because I didn’t read the instructions. No wrapper’s going to tell me what to do. Unless his name is Jay-Z.
Lucy: Is something going on?
Raj: What do you mean?
Lucy: Well, you’re acting all weird, and I’m pretty weird, so I think I know what I’m talking about.
Raj: I don’t know. Maybe it’s all those steroids I’ve been taking.
Lucy: I think I’m gonna go. Thank you for the burrito and the pork rinds and the 20-minute lecture on why monster trucks are better than regular trucks.
Raj: Wait, wait. I, I found your blog here you wrote about me.
Lucy: Oh. I kind of just write that for myself. I didn’t think anybody actually read it.
Raj: No kidding. You didn’t make it easy to find. I spent hours digging around online. For the record, you have excellent credit scores. And your diabetic aunt seems to be adjusting to her new leg just fine.
Lucy: Why were you acting so strange tonight?
Raj: You called me feminine. And I, I wanted you to think I was more manly.
Lucy: Raj, I didn’t say feminine was a bad thing. I meant that you’re sweet and thoughtful and your skin looks so much like caramel, I just want to dip an apple in your face.
Raj: I do have a pretty balls-to-the-wall moisturising regimen.
Lucy: So, are you okay?
Raj: Yeah.
Lucy: Good. Do you even like hockey?
Raj: No. Bought this at the Staples Center when I went to see Taylor Swift.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Penny: So, I was thinking how excited you get about stuff like Buffy or science or which TV remote you and Sheldon should buy.
Leonard: The Harmony One was fine. We didn’t need to upgrade to the eleven hundred, which he knows is too big for my hand.
Penny: See, that’s the kind of passion I didn’t think I had. But then I realized I’m passionate about you.
Leonard: Oh, my cute little tushy strikes again.
Penny: No, I’m serious. Look, I’ve always had these plans. I was gonna be in movies and live this glamorous life, and anything less than that just wasn’t worth getting excited about.
Leonard: Those things can still happen.
Penny: Oh, obviously it’s gonna happen. Yeah, a psychic at a bachelorette party told me so. Anyway, what I meant was, I shouldn’t wait, you know? I’ve got you, I’ve got Sheldon, all these wonderful friends. My life is exciting right now.
Leonard: That’s a big deal.
Penny: It is, isn’t it?
Leonard: So, does that mean we get to do stuff like talk about cool shows or get dressed up in matching costumes and go to Comic-Con?
Penny: Leonard, I had an epiphany, not a stroke.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: Amy, I must say, I was sceptical at first, but this has truly been a transformative evening.
Amy: I’m a little surprised to hear you feeling so positive.
Sheldon: Well, you’re an excellent neuroscientist, you’re a wonderful girlfriend, and…
Amy: And?
Sheldon: Doesn’t matter, does it?
Amy: I’m proud of you, Sheldon. (Exits.)
Sheldon: And a complete sucker.
(Montage of sccenes)
1. (Redraws tic-tac-toe board) Sheldon: Oh, yeah.
2. (Blows out all candles on the cake)
3. (Winds up jack-in-the-box until it pops out.) Sheldon: There he is.
4. Sheldon (singing): And the home of the brave.
5. (Knocks over first of intricate domino pattern) Sheldon: Don’t stop. Yes, keep going. Just like that.
Almost there, almost there. Uh-huh-huh!
Penny: Sheldon, you big weirdo, I want you to know that I love that you’re in my life.
Sheldon: I love you, too.
Scene: Later.
Sheldon: Hello. Uh, is this the Bruce Miller who wrote the season finale of Alphas? Oh, smashing. Yeah, you already sound nicer than the last Bruce Miller who suggested I have sexual relations with myself. Now, down to business. Um, your show ended on a cliffhanger. Could you please tell me how you planned to resolve it? Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. I see. Well, that all stinks. No wonder you got cancelled. Bye.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: The interface is pretty simple. You put your horizontal X coordinate here, vertical Y coordinate here. When you’re happy with those, you press this button.
Penny: Got it.
Sheldon: Leonard, you’ll never guess who I just found online. Hey!
Leonard: Nice shot.
Penny: Eh, his giant head did most of the work.
Sheldon: Very mature. You’re lucky I’m out of silly string. As I was saying, Leonard, you’ll never guess who I just found online. Professor Proton.
Leonard: You’re kidding. He’s still alive?
Sheldon: Yes.
Penny: Who’s Professor Proton?
Leonard: He was the host of this great… Hey!
Penny: Yes! Sorry, tell me about Professor Proton.
Sheldon: Professor Proton hosted my favourite science show when I was a child. I never missed an episode. He demonstrated scientific principles using everyday objects.
Leonard: It was pretty cool.
Penny: Aw, so cute when you use the word cool wrong. Like when kids say pasghetti.
Sheldon: Oh, dear lord, Leonard, look. He’s still available for parties and events. We should hire him.
Leonard: Hire him to do what?
Sheldon: Well, whatever we want. Hang out, do experiments, make him take 12 pictures with us so we can make a calendar.
Leonard: It would be pretty awesome to hang out with him. I just used awesome wrong, didn’t I?
Sheldon: Well, I’m e-mailing him right now.
Leonard: Do you remember his old theme song?
Sheldon: Of course I do.
Together: Grab your goggles, put your lab coat on, here he comes, Professor Proton.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Raj: Hey, I just found out I have to be at the telescope lab all weekend. Any chance you and Bernadette could take care of my dog?
Howard: Why don’t you put her in a kennel?
Raj: Why don’t you put your mother in a home?
Howard: To be honest, she’d do better in the kennel. I’ll talk to Bernie. I’m sure it’s fine.
Raj: Thank you.
Sheldon: It’s happening. Leonard, it’s happening. Professor Proton is coming to our house.
Leonard: You’re kidding.
Howard: You mean the guy who used to host that lame kids show?
Sheldon: And you just got yourself uninvited. See? I told you I’d find a tactful way to do that.
Howard: How’d you get him to come to your house?
Sheldon: As Professor Proton always says, there is no problem you can’t solve if you use your noggin.
Leonard: And he wrote him a cheque.
Sheldon: Yeah, that, too. Big cheque.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Raj: Uncle Howard. Cinnamon’s here for her sleepover party.
Howard: You know if you had a stroke, she’d eat you, right?
Raj: And it would be my pleasure to be her num-num.
Howard: Okay, so what do I need to know to take care of her?
Raj: It’s very simple. For breakfast, she has an egg-white frittata. Feel free to give her a choice of home fries or an English muffin, but not both. We’re watching our weight. Uh, for dinner, something simple, a veal chop, some scampi, whatever you like.
Howard: Classy dog.
Raj: Yes. Also, don’t forget to close the toilet or she’ll drink out of it.
Howatd: I feel for ya. I’ve got a psychotic mommy, too.
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom.
Sheldon (off): Leonard, are you in bed?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon (off): Me, too.
Leonard: Great.
Sheldon (off): I can’t sleep.
Leonard: Well, I can, so shut up.
Sheldon (off): Do you realize that in less than nine hours, Arthur Jeffries, aka Professor Proton, will be in our apartment?
Leonard: Sheldon, you know that if you stay up all night, you’re gonna be sleepy tomorrow. And a sleepy Sheldon is a cranky Sheldon. And a cranky Sheldon is actually no different than a regular Sheldon. Good night.
Sheldon (off): I’m thinking of wearing a tuxedo.
Leonard: That’s not ridiculous. Good night.
Sheldon (off): Do you have cufflinks?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon (off): Ah, just as well. Where can you rent a tuxedo at three o’clock in the morning?
Leonard: Okay, good night.
Sheldon (off): Nice to meet you, Professor Proton. Nice to meet you, Professor Proton. Nice to meet you, Professor Proton. Nice to meet you, Prof… Ow! Leonard?
Leonard: What?
Sheldon (off): I still can’t sleep.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: She really tuckered herself out at the park, huh?
Bernadette: Yeah, you two were so cute playing together.
Howard: It was kind of fun throwing a ball and not having anyone laugh at me.
Bernadette: And you were sweet not to throw it too far so she didn’t wear out her tiny legs.
Howard: Yeah, that’s what I was doing.
Bernadette: You know, there were a few moments today when I almost felt like we were a little family.
Howard: Really?
Bernadette: Yeah. I never thought of myself as a mom, but when the three of us were out there having fun, I felt like maybe someday we could do it.
Howard: Of course we can. Especially if our baby’s as calm and quiet as little Cinna… Son of a bitch, she’s gone.
Bernadette: Where’d she go?
Howard: I don’t know, she didn’t leave a note.
Bernadette: Well, you were the one who was supposed to put her back in the stroller.
Howard: No, I wasn’t. You were.
Bernadette: No, I wasn’t.
Howard: Yes, you were!.
Bernadette: Yeah, well, you throw like a girl.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: I’m getting worried.
Penny: Relax, Sheldon, he’s only a few minutes late.
Sheldon: Professor Proton was never late when he was on TV. You know, every day, four o’clock, he was there. Unless tornadoes were ripping apart East Texas, in which case we’d join him in progress. (Phone rings) It’s him. Hello. Well, I see. Yes. All right, we can come get you. Yeah, well, see you soon. Bye.
Leonard: Where is he?
Sheldon: The third floor landing. The poor old guy’s been walking up the stairs for half an hour. It’s really you.
(On the third floor landing)
Leonard: Mr. Jeffries, I am so sorry. We should’ve told you about the broken elevator.
Arthur: I agree.
Sheldon: Professor Proton, it’s an honour to meet you.
Arthur: Just, just call me Arthur.
Sheldon: Leonard, you hear that? Professor Proton said I should call him Arthur. That means we’re friends.
Arthur: No. A friend would’ve, would’ve told me about the elevator.
Sheldon: Look at me. I can get as close to you as I want without my mom saying it’s going to ruin my eyes.
Arthur: Is, uh, is he dangerous?
Leonard: Actually, he’s a genius.
Sheldon: I am.
Arthur: That doesn’t answer my question.
Leonard: Mr. Jeffries, I’m, I’m Leonard. This is my girlfriend, Penny.
Arthur: Hi.
Penny: Hello.
Arthur: Well, I hope I haven’t, uh, kept the kids waiting too long for, for the show.
Sheldon: Oh, no, there are no kids. No, the, the show’s for me. Come on. I’ll race ya, Arthur.
Arthur: Is the, is the blonde girl really your, your girlfriend?
Leonard: Yes, sir.
Arthur: You’re the genius.
(Back in the Apartment)
Penny: So, do you do a lot of appearances like this?
Arthur: It, it’s hard to say. I’m, I’m still trying to figure out what, what th, what this is.
Leonard: We just wanted to hang out with you and maybe learn a little about your life.
Arthur: Well, there, there really isn’t too much to tell. After the TV show was, was cancelled, nobody in the scientific world would, uh, would take me seriously. So I was forced to do these, uh, children’s parties to, to make a living.
Leonard: That’s too bad. But still, working with kids, it must be rewarding.
Arthur: You, you get bit a lot. Let me see if, if I have this straight. You, you two are, are physicists, and you, and you want me to do a children’s science show?
Sheldon: Yes. And if there’s time, take 12 pictures with us in seasonal clothing.
Arthur: You know, I’m a real scientist. I, I have a PhD from Cornell University.
Sheldon: Yeah, that’s great. Did you bring your puppet?
Arthur: No, no. I, I hate that puppet.
Sheldon: Oh, no. How could anybody hate Gino the Neutrino? It’s nice, huh? I got him for 20 bucks on eBay. Including the shipping!
Arthur: I’m, I’m awake, right? Th, this is happening?
Scene: Bernadette’s car.
Bernadette: Cinnamon!
Howard: Cinnamon!
Bernadette: You know, maybe she doesn’t recognize her name because of Raj’s accent.
Howard: Good thinking. (In a bad Indian accent) Cinnamon, come to Daddy.
Bernadette (likewise): Cinnamon. Where are you, my little lamb chop?
Howard: Nice.
Bernadette: Thanks.
Howard: When this all blows over, remember that voice. It’s kind of a turn-on.
Bernadette: It turns you on when I sound like Raj?
Howard: Cinnamon!
Scene: The apartment. 
Arthur: Okay, as, as I put the egg on top, and, and the flame goes out and, and, and the air pressure decreases in, in the flask, what do you think will happen?
Penny: I think I know.
Sheldon: It’s gonna get sucked in. It’s going to get sucked in.
Penny: Okay, I didn’t know.
Sheldon: Yes.
Penny: See, I’m not a scientist like them.
Arthur: I, I figured that out.
Sheldon: Potato clock. Do potato clock.
Penny: What’s that?
Arthur: I, I power a clock with a, with a potato.
Penny: Shut up. You can do that? I mean, wouldn’t that solve the world’s energy crisis?
Arthur: No. Look, guys, keep your money. I, I think, uh, I, I think I’m done.
Sheldon: What, well what’s wrong? Is she upsetting you? Because I can make her go away.
Arthur: No, she, she’s the only reason I’ve, I’ve stayed this long.
Leonard: Then what is it?
Arthur: I don’t know. I think I’m just, I, I just, I just don’t want to be Professor Proton any more.
Sheldon: Well, how can you say that? Professor Proton’s the best.
Arthur: What, what has it ever gotten me? I mean, I’m, I’m an 83-year-old man who has potatoes in, in his suitcase. Other scientists think, think I’m a joke. And the, the puppeteer who did, who did Gino, well, he also did my wife.
Sheldon: Mr. Jeffries, I need to show you something. :14:11,446
Penny: I’m sorry to hear about your troubles.
Arthur: Uh, thanks.
Penny: But if you don’t mind me asking, uh, the potato clock, how does it work? Is it a trick clock or a trick potato?
Arthur: What do you two talk about?
Sheldon: I wrote a fan letter to you when I was a child in Texas, and you sent this autographed picture back to me. Do you remember that?
Arthur: I’ll, I’ll give you a hint. I have a bracelet with my own address on it.
Sheldon: Well, anyway, um, you may find this hard to believe, but I didn’t have any friends growing up.
Arthur: No, I, I get that.
Sheldon: But, um, I did have you. And every day at four o’clock, you’d come to my house on Channel 68, and we’d do science together. If it hadn’t been for you, well, who knows what would’ve become of me? You know? Instead of a world-class physicist, I could’ve wound up as a hobo. Or a surgeon.
Leonard: I bet there are important discoveries being made every day because you inspired millions of kids to pursue science. In a way, their discoveries are your discoveries.
Sheldon: Yeah, it’s true. A generation of young scientists are standing on your shoulders.
Arthur: Well, thank, thank you, guys. That, that, that means a lot.
Leonard: It’s important you know how much you mean to us.
Arthur: Uh-oh.
Penny: Arthur, are you okay?
Arthur: I’m having a problem with my pacemaker.
Leonard: I’ll, I’ll call for help.
Penny: Any chance we could plug it into the potato?
Arthur: No.
Scene: The telescope lab. Raj’s phone rings.
Raj: Hello? What do you mean, you found my dog? She’s with my friends. Is she okay? Oh, thank you. Uh, just text me your address, I’m on my way. Oh, and if she’s hungry, go ahead and feed her. But do not give her anything starchy. She’s having risotto for dinner.
Scene: The apartment.
Paramedic: Your vitals are stable, but let’s take you in for some tests just to be safe.
Leonard: You want one of us to go with you in the ambulance?
Sheldon: I’ll do it.
Arthur: He’s not a relative, he’s not allowed, right?
Paramedic: No, that’s not a rule. He can go.
Sheldon: Oh, yeah.
Arthur: I can’t catch a break today.
Penny: We’ll pack up your stuff and meet you at the hospital.
Leonard: I’m sorry things turned out this way.
Arthur: Well, at, at this point, I’m just glad someone’s carrying me down the stairs.
Sheldon: Met my childhood hero, now I get to ride in an ambulance. Boy, if we can get him to do that calendar, this’ll be the best day ever.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Bernadette: Can’t believe we lost her. What was I thinking? I’d be a terrible mom.
Howard: Well, maybe with the first one. But kids are like pancakes. The first one’s always a throwaway. How’s this look?
Bernadette: It’s fine. Where’d you get that picture of her?
Howard: It’s not her. I just googled foo-foo little dogs. (Skype tone) It’s Raj. Stay quiet. Hey, bad timing. Bernadette just took Cinnamon out for a walk.
Raj: Hmm. Interesting. Did they take a walk down Liars’ Lane?
Howard: What?
Raj: A lane frequented by liars. Like you, you big liar.
Howard: You have her?
Bernadette: Oh, thank God she’s okay.
Raj: Well, I trusted you, and you let me down. The poor thing’s been shaking for hours.
Howard: I’m really sorry.
Bernadette: Hang on, you’ve had her for hours?
Raj: Yes. I picked her up, and then we both went for massages to try and calm down. And then we got Pinkberry.
Bernadette: So you knew she was okay, and you couldn’t pick up the phone to tell us?
Raj: Well, I, I thought about…
Bernadette: Don’t well me, mister. We’ve been worried sick. She could have been dead for all we knew. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Raj: Sorry. I, I just…
Bernadette: Sorry’s not good enough. Maybe you need to take some time and think about what you’ve done.
Howard: Nice guilt trip. You are gonna be an amazing mom.
Scene: A hospital room.
Sheldon: Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr.
Arthur: Thank you, Sheldon. That, that was very nice.
Sheldon: Want me to sing it again?
Arthur: No. The fourth, the fourth time was, was the charm.
Sheldon: There anything I can get for you? Some apple juice? Uh, some Jell-O?
Arthur: No. No, thank you. But I, I do, I do have a favour to, to ask.
Sheldon: Name it.
Arthur: Well, I’m, I’m booked to do a children’s party tomorrow, and, um, frankly I, you know, I, I don’t feel up to it.
Sheldon: Oh, you’re not. You look awful.
Arthur: Thank you. Anyway, uh, I mean, you know my act better than anybody. I was, I was hoping that maybe, you know, maybe you’d fill in for me.
Sheldon: Are you saying that you want me to be Professor Proton?
Arthur: Yeah.
Sheldon: Oh, my. What an honour. Oh, this is like being asked to ascend Mount Olympus and dine with the gods.
Arthur: Or a Korean family in Alhambra.
Sheldon: But they’ll know I’m not you. Should I call myself Professor Proton, Jr.?
Arthur: Sounds great.
Sheldon: So, in a way it’s like I’m your son.
Arthur: What, Whatever.
Sheldon: Father.
Arthur: Sure, what the hell.
 								
			
				Scene: On the deck of a ship on the North Sea, in the middle of a storm. Leonard is on a sat-phone.
Leonard: Sheldon, it’s not a great time, what do you want?
Sheldon (in the apartment): Hello to you, too. I’m sorry, but this is important.
Leonard: What is it?
Sheldon: Back to the Future II was in the Back to the Future III case, and Back to the Future III was, get this, in the Back to the Future II case.
Leonard: So?
Sheldon: So, did you do that, or am I in the house with an intruder?
Leonard: Sheldon, I got to go inside. It’s getting rough out here.
Sheldon: You’re dodging the question, I knew it was you. What was that?
Leonard: What was what?
Sheldon: This isn’t a very good connection, but it sounded like someone just released a kraken.
Leonard: Okay, I’m hanging up now. You know there’s no such thing as a k… (Leonard is attacked and dragged into the sea by a huge tentacle. Sheldon wakes up in bed.)
Sheldon: No!
Scene: Penny’s apartment door.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. 
Penny: What’s the matter?
Sheldon: Um, well, I was worried that you might be missing Leonard. And that might be causing you to have bad dreams, like the kind you’d get if you watched Clash of the Titans right before you went to bed.
Penny: Sweetie, did you have a bad dream?
Sheldon: To be honest, I did.
Penny: Aw.
Sheldon: Back to the Future II was in the Back to the Future III case. Leonard did it.
Penny: Good night.
Sheldon: No, wait. Perhaps I should sleep here so you don’t miss Leonard as much, uh, ’cause you’re being kind of a baby about it.
Penny: You know what? That would make me feel better. Thank you.
Sheldon: You’re welcome. Good night.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The cafeteria. 
Raj: I think you’d be pleased to hear that this morning in the parking garage I saw this oil stain on the ground that was shaped just like my ex-girlfriend, Lucy, and I didn’t get upset at all.
Howard: I’m proud of you.
Raj: Well, you should be, ’cause she was looking good.
Sheldon: Dear Lord, you’re an astronomer. Although you may have earthly woes, get your mind back on the stars. Gee, even the lowly dung beetle chooses to plot its course by using the Milky Way.
Raj: Is that true?
Sheldon: Everything I say is true. Now, of course, the dung beetle also enjoys eating faeces, living in faeces and making little balls out of faeces, so, you know, pick and choose which aspects of its lifestyle you want to embrace.
Howard: Come on, you can talk to girls now. It shouldn’t be hard for you to meet someone new.
Raj: How can I meet someone new when everywhere I look, I see Lucy’s face? Tell me you don’t see her smile in the crust of this chicken pot pie.
Howard: Oh, will you stop it. Now, listen to me, there’s a welcome party for incoming post-docs tonight. Go to it and meet someone who isn’t made of grease or pie.
Raj: You think you’re so cool because your wife is a person?
Howard: Look, Bernie’s at a neuroscience conference with Amy, I’ll go with you.
Raj: You would do that for me?
Howard: Of course. You’re my friend. I want you to be happy.
Raj: Thanks. Oh, Sheldon, since Amy’s out of town, would you like to join us?
Sheldon: I want you to be happy, too, but not enough to do anything about it.
Scene: A hotel room.
Bernadette (on phone): Howie, stop. I can’t talk like that. Amy’s right here.
Amy (on phone): Sheldon, stop. For the last time, I will not bring home bed bugs. 
Bernadette: The hotel’s nice. There’s a pool, a gym, the bar looks like fun. 
Amy: Because I looked in the bed, and there are no bugs.
Bernadette: Aw, I love you, too. If I don’t talk to you before you go to sleep, I’ll meet you in dreamland.
Amy: Good night. No, I will not consider sleeping in my garment bag.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Penny, did you ever wonder how Starfleet captains…
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Well, now that I’ve piqued your interest, welcome to the exciting world of 3D chess.
Penny: Why don’t you just admit you only want to play this game because you always play it with Leonard and you miss him?
Sheldon: You overestimate his significance in my life.
Penny: Mmm.
Sheldon: Do I miss how he makes a face on my toaster waffle with syrup? No. Do I miss the way he fixes the zipper on my jacket when it gets stuck? I don’t think so. Do I miss how we say good night to each other through the walls of our bedroom using Morse code? (Taps out No in morse code on the table)
Penny: Okay, I get it, I get it. You are an emotionless robot.
Sheldon: Well, I try.
Penny: All right, let’s just get this stupid game over with.
Sheldon: Great. I’ll go first.
Penny: Okay.
Sheldon: By the way, how are you with zippers?
Penny: Why?
Sheldon: Well, I really need to go to the bathroom, and this one’s gone all cattywampus.
Scene: The mixer party. 
Raj: Wow, your work on jellyfish neural nets sounds so interesting. 
Girl: It is. You can download my paper off the university server.
Raj: I will. You can download my paper on the Van Allen Belts from the university server as well.
Girl: I will.
Raj: All right.
Howard: How’d it go?
Raj: Well, if you like dry, factual statements interspersed with painful moments of silence, it was bananas.
Howard: Check it out. Mrs. Davis from Human Resources is here. She’s probably on the lookout for sexual harassment.
Raj: Oh, great. There go my chances of being sexually harassed.
Howard: I heard her husband left her for a hot, young undergrad.
Raj: That’s so much better than the old, ugly ones.
Mrs Davis: Mr. Wolowitz, Dr. Koothrappali. 
Howard: Mrs. Davis, nice to see you. 
Raj: You know, I recently read a fascinating article on infidelity among penguins.
Mrs Davis: Okay.
Raj: So if the fact that your husband left you makes you feel unattractive, just remember, penguins get cheated on, and they’re adorable.
Howard: It was better when you couldn’t talk to women.
Scene: The hotel bar.
Bernadette: I was thinking of going to the lecture on posterior cingulate cortex lesions in the formation of autobiographical memory.
Amy: Oh, brain lesions are fascinating. Unless they’re yours, then they’re a drag.
Bernadette: To the advancement of science.
Amy: And to the sick and dying who make it possible.
Bernadette: This is fun, we never really get to talk shop with Penny around. We usually just end up talking about boys.
Amy: Which is fine, but it’s nice to mix it up with a little intellectual conversation.
Waiter: From the two gentlemen at the bar.
Amy: Oh, my gosh, boys bought us drinks, boys bought us drinks. Thank you, thank you, thank you so much.
Bernadette: Be cool.
Amy: You be cool. Guys are hitting on us, and not just to get to Penny.
Bernadette: You’re right. Thank you.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Ooh. Bad move.
Penny: Really? Why?
Sheldon: My queen can now take your rook from below.
Penny: So that means I lose, right? It’s over?
Sheldon: If I make this move, but I won’t because we’re having too much fun.
Penny: Okay, let’s take a break. 
Sheldon: We’re all out of alcohol.
Penny: I wasn’t going to get alcohol. Gosh, I wonder what Leonard’s doing right now. I miss him so much.
Sheldon: Well, if you’d like, we could call him. I mean that you could call him. As I’ve explained, the absence of my friends does not cause me pain. As rock and roll bad boy Paul Simon once said, I am a rock, I am an i-i-i-island.
Penny: I’m calling him.
Sheldon: Oh, goodie, put him on speaker phone.
Leonard (on board boat, at a party, dancing): Excuse me, ladies, my pants are buzzing. North Sea, how can I kelp you?
Penny: Leonard?
Leonard: Penny? Hey, it’s Penny. Everybody say hi to Penny.
Everybody: Hi, Penny!
Penny: Wow, it sounds like you’re having a good time.
Leonard: Best time of my life. 
Sheldon: Isn’t it five thirty in the morning there?
Leonard: Is it? Hey, everybody, it’s five thirty in the morning!
Penny: Uh, okay, well, we were just calling you because we were missing you.
Random voice: Iceberg!
Leonard: Uh-oh, hang on.
Sheldon: Are you in danger?
Leonard: No, it’s a drinking game. Whenever we see an iceberg, we take a shot!
Everybody: Berg! Berg! Berg! Berg! Berg! Berg!
Penny: Leonard, Leonard? I cannot believe we were missing that jerk.
Sheldon: You were.
Scene: The hotel bar.
Amy: So what happened? How’d it go?
Bernadette: It’s fine. I thanked them again and let them know we’re not available.
Amy: So I can drink this without having to give up the goodies?
Bernadette: Yes, it’s all cool. Although, if you wanted to talk to one of them, no one would blame you.
Amy: And why would no one blame me?
Bernadette: I don’t know what I’m saying.
Amy: Well, it sounds like you’re saying that I could do better than Sheldon.
Bernadette: Boy, these drinks are strong. Hoo, mama, I’m gonna be huggin’ the toilet tonight.
Amy: No, tell me, I want to know what you meant by that.
Bernadette: I just meant that you’re not married and your boyfriend’s kind of, Sheldon.
Amy: And your husband is extremely Howard. What’s your point?
Bernadette: Sorry. I have no point. That was a stupid thing to say. Can we please just go back to having a nice time?
Amy: We could, but unfortunately my brain is lesion-free and I remember that rotten thing you just said about my sweet baboo.
Bernadette: Come on. I apologize. Can we please just let it go?
Amy: Sure.
Bernadette: Thanks.
Amy: Your husband’s weird and his clothes are ridiculous.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: I can’t believe it. All this time I’ve been doing nothing but sit around and miss that guy. And you know what the worst part is?
Sheldon: That you’re having to process your emotional pain without vodka?
Penny: No. Yeah. But you know what the second-worst part is? He does not miss me at all.
Sheldon: Allow me to comfort you. At least you’ve got your health.
Penny: Really? That, that’s it? That’s comforting?
Sheldon: Um, uh, in a hundred years, you’ll both be dead and it won’t matter?
Penny: No. Come on, you’re supposed to say, of course he misses you, the only reason he’s partying is to cover up his pain.
Sheldon: Oh, no, I don’t think that’s true at all.
Penny: This is ridiculous. Why am I upset just because he’s off having a good time?
Sheldon: Well, perhaps you’re obsessively picturing him engaged in drunken coitus with another woman. Is that it? Did I get it right?
Penny: Okay, that, that’s great. You can stop trying to make me feel better now.
Sheldon: Actually, I can’t. Before Leonard left, he made me promise that I’d take care of you.
Penny: He did?
Sheldon: Yes.
Penny: Oh, that’s really sweet.
Sheldon: Plus, if I do a good job, he said he’d bring me back a sailor’s cap.
Penny: Well, now I miss him even more.
Sheldon: Well, if it’s any consolation, I’m sure Leonard’s tormented every moment he’s away from your warm embrace and cherry lips.
Penny: Thanks.
Sheldon: Oh, seriously?
Scene: The mixer.
Raj: Uh, excuse me, Mrs. Davis?
Mrs Davis: What?
Raj: I’d like to apologize for being insensitive. And for possibly making penguins seem like jerks, because 99% of them are stand-up guys.
Mrs Davis: Forget about it.
Raj: You know, you, you and I, you and I have a lot in common.
Mrs Davis: Is that right?
Raj: Oh, yes, I, I too am in the throes of heartbreak. Okay, fine, I’ll tell you about it.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Here is a hot beverage to comfort you. It’s in a to-go cup. Make of that what you will.
Penny: Come on. It’s still early. Let’s do something.
Sheldon: Well, I have been toying around with an idea for 4D chess.
Penny: How about we just talk?
Sheldon: All right. In 4D chess…
Penny: No. Come on, let’s talk about our lives. Tell me something about you I don’t know.
Sheldon: I own nine pairs of pants.
Penny: Okay, that, that’s a good start, but I was thinking maybe something a little more personal.
Sheldon: I see. I own nine pairs of underpants.
Penny: How about I go first?
Sheldon: But I don’t want to know how many underpants you own. Although, based on the floor of your bedroom, I’d say it’s a thousand.
Penny: Okay, look, here’s something people do not know about me. When I first moved out to L.A., I did a topless scene in a low-budget horror movie about a killer gorilla. Ugh! After I did it, I felt so ashamed. Thankfully, that thing never came out.
Sheldon: I’ve seen that. Yeah. Serial Apeist. Howard found it online the day we met you.
Penny: Oh, God.
Sheldon: And it was literally the moment you walked out the door. But I see the type of personal revelations you’re going for. Okay, here’s one I thought I’d take to the grave.
Penny: Okay.
Sheldon: Hmm. A while back, YouTube changed its user interface from a star-based rating system to a thumbs-up rating system. I tell people I’m okay with it, but I’m really not.
Penny: That’s your big revelation?
Sheldon: Yes. Whew, I feel ten pounds lighter.
Penny: Okay, you know what? I give up. I’m going to bed.
Sheldon: Here’s something else you don’t know about me. You just hurt my feelings.
Penny: What did I do?
Sheldon: I opened up and shared something deeply upsetting to me, and you treated it as if it were nothing.
Penny: I, I didn’t think it was a big deal.
Sheldon: It is to me; that’s the point.
Penny: Sheldon, you are right. I’m really sorry. I should’ve known better.
Sheldon: Your apology is accepted.
Penny: Thank you. How about a hug?
Sheldon: How about a hearty handshake?
Penny: Come on.
Sheldon: Now I know how you felt getting mauled by that sex-crazed gorilla.
Scene: The hotel room.
Bernadette: Good night.
Amy: Mm-hmm. It was rather flattering to have strangers send us drinks.
Bernadette: Yeah, that felt nice.
Amy: Maybe tomorrow morning we put on some hot pants and see if we can score us some free omelettes.
Bernadette: So, hypothetically, if, if we were to have gone with them, which one would you have picked?
Amy: I think I would have gone with the short one with the goofy haircut.
Bernadette: Oh, good, ’cause I liked the tall thin one. He seemed intelligent, kind of a loner, maybe a little sexually inexperienced, like I’d have to teach him a thing or two.
Amy: Not my guy. I caught him staring at my rack. It’d be nice to be with a man who wants to know what’s underneath my cardigan. FYI, it’s another cardigan.
Bernadette: Your short sexed-up guy kind of sounds like Howard.
Amy: Your brainy virgin kind of sounds like Sheldon.
Both: Good night.
Scene: The mixer.
Mrs Davis: All right, Dr. Koothrappali, it’s been nice talking to you, but I need to go home and relieve my babysitter.
Raj: Yeah, I can relate to being a single parent. I have a dog.
Mrs Davis: Yeah, it’s exactly the same thing. Good night.
Raj: Mrs. Davis, I, uh, I must confess, I came here tonight in a futile attempt to pick up some lonely postdoc, but instead I got to connect with you at a human level. That’s a much better evening. You’re a lovely person.
Mrs Davis: Are you hitting on me?
Raj: No, no, no, that would be crazy. I mean, if I were hitting on you, you’d know it ’cause you’d feel uncomfortable and a little sad for me.
Mrs Davis: You’re sweet. Good night, Dr. Koothrappali.
Raj: Good night.
Howard: Looks like she accepted your apology.
Raj: And then some. I think we had a moment.
Howard: Oh, please, you did not have a moment.
Raj: Who died and made you king of moments?
Howard: Okay, fine. Let’s say there was a moment.
Raj: There was.
Howard: There wasn’t. But, but even if there was, what are you gonna do about it?
Raj: I will slowly seduce her until she falls helpless into my bed, hungry for the pleasure only I can give her.
Howard: So nothing.
Raj: No, not a thing.
Scene: A bathroom shower.
Penny (acting): Ah, I’m so glad the police finally caught that psychotic genetically engineered ape.
Leonard (on ship): That is my girlfriend. I swear to God.
Everyone (on ship): Leonard! Leonard! Leonard! Leonard!
Penny: Aaaaaaah!
 								
			
				Scene: The stairwell
Sheldon: And here’s another interesting weather fact.
Penny: Another? Great.
Sheldon: Changes in jet streams can affect the speed at which the Earth rotates on its axis, so bad weather can actually make the day longer.
Penny: Well, there must be a hell of a storm somewhere.
Sheldon: Joke if you must, but you’re going to miss these moments. With Leonard home in a few days, this was your last time driving me to the grocery store.
Penny: You know, I will miss this.
Sheldon: I’ll tell you what, if my apples are mealy, we’ll hit the produce section for one last crazy blowout. Heck, you can even push the cart. Please don’t take my looking forward to Leonard’s return as criticism of the job you’ve been doing in his absence.
Penny: I won’t.
Sheldon: That criticism will come later in your report card.
Penny: Yeah, I didn’t stay for the detention, I’m not gonna read the report card.
Leonard (in Penny’s apartment): Hello.
Penny (screams): Leonard! Hi!
Leonard: Keep your voice down.
Penny: Oh, my God. You weren’t supposed to be here till Sunday.
Leonard: We finished the experiment early, so I thought I’d come home and surprise you.
Penny: Oh, my gosh, why are we whispering?
Leonard: I didn’t tell Sheldon, so we could have a few days alone.
Penny: Oh, that is so romantic.
Leonard: Uh, sure, that’s why I did it.
Penny: Oh, I just cannot believe you’re here.
Sheldon (off): Penny, it’s your lucky day. Three of the eggs are clearly not jumbo. Grab your keys.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The comic book store.
Sheldon: Uh, Stuart, I was wondering if you could help me find something.
Stuart: Happy to, unless it’s hope or a reason to live.
Sheldon: Oh, you make me laugh, sad clown. Anyhoo, Leonard will be back in a couple days and I need a welcome home gift for him. As he’s been at sea, perhaps something with a nautical theme might be appropriate.
Stuart: Okay, well, I don’t know how much you want to spend, but I do have this pretty cool Aquaman statue.
Sheldon: Aquaman? Oh, this isn’t a gag gift, Stuart.
Stuart: Yeah, just as well. It’s a pretty rare piece. I’d rather just sell it to a real collector.
Sheldon: I’m a real collector. How rare is it?
Stuart: Oh, I shouldn’t even have mentioned it. How about a Batman squirt gun?
Sheldon: Don’t try and trick me into buying something I don’t want. Now let’s talk Aquaman. 
Howard: What were they thinking, putting Doctor Octopus’s mind in Spider-Man’s body?
Raj: Well, I’ve been quite enjoying that. It combines all the superhero fun of Spider-Man with all the body-switching shenanigans of Freaky Friday. Both versions, original and Lohan.
Howard: Both versions: original and Lohan. You’re an idiot.
Raj: Hey, what’s your problem?
Howard: I’m sorry, I’ve been kind of snippy lately. It’s probably this stupid diet I’m on.
Raj: Why are you on a diet?
Howard: I’ve put on a couple pounds. Had to buy these pants in the men’s section.
Raj: Well, we’ve all seen your mom. That Butterball turkey was bound to come home to roost.
Sheldon: Twelve hundred dollars. That’s my final offer.
Stuart: All right, Sheldon, you win. I’m sure Leonard is gonna love this.
Sheldon: Oh, right, a present for Leonard. You better throw in that squirt gun.
Stuart: Ooh, yeah, I don’t know. This squirt gun, it’s, uh, it’s pretty rare.
Sheldon: Oh.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Leonard: And this is me doing the Titanic pose on the boat.
Penny: Ah.
Leonard: And, oh, that’s me getting rescued after I fell in.
Penny: Oh. (Knock on door) Oh, that’s the pizza.
Leonard: Yep. Here’s some money.
Penny: Thank you.
Leonard: And I’m gonna hit the head. That’s what us salty sea dogs say when we have to go pee-pee.
Penny: Hey.
Pizza guy: Twenty-two fifty.
Penny: Okay, here’s, uh, twenty-five. Keep the change.
Pizza guy: Seriously? I just walked up, like, four flights of stairs.
Penny: Oh. Okay. Well, here’s, um, thirty something cents and a promise I won’t call your boss and tell him you reek of marijuana.
Sheldon: Oh, Penny, I see you’ve ordered pizza. I have Chinese food. 
Penny: That’s nice.
Sheldon: Oh, that’s a rather earthy cologne. My uncle used to wear that. Perhaps we can enjoy one last meal together before Leonard returns.
Penny: Yeah, thanks, but I kind of feel like eating alone tonight, so…
Sheldon: Are you sure? With your Italian pizza and my Chinese noodles, we could play Marco Polo. I mean, of course, a re-enactment of a meal in the life of Marco Polo the Venetian explorer, not Marco Polo the terrifying water sport.
Penny: Uh, yeah, it sounds fun, but no thanks. (Toilet flushes) Have a good night!
Sheldon: What, now, do you have company?
Penny: No. No, no, no. You know what? The toilet’s been doing that. I called the building manager, so…
Sheldon: Oh, I can take a look at it.
Penny: Well…
Sheldon: I’m quite familiar with plumbing. Not to brag, but I spent most of fifth grade with my head in a toilet.
Penny: Yeah, no, no, no. You know what, Sheldon, it’s okay. You don’t have to go into the bathroom.
Sheldon: That’s curious. If there’s no one here, why are there two glasses of wine on the table?
Penny: Oh. Well, you know, I, I’ve got two hands and a bit of a drinking problem.
Sheldon: Of course. Ask a silly question. 
Penny: Oh. 
Sheldon: That’s odd.
Penny: Um, what?
Sheldon: There are takeout containers in the trash can.
Penny: So? That’s my dinner from last night.
Sheldon: What’s odd is they’re in the trash can.
Penny: Okay. Look, honey, I promise there’s no one’s here. I‘ve had a long day. I just want to have a quiet dinner by myself.
Sheldon: Oh, very well. I’m no stranger to enjoying the pleasures of solitude. Oh!
Penny: What?
Sheldon: Have you gotten Leonard a welcome-home gift yet?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Oh, great. Do you want to go halfsies on a two hundred dollar squirt gun?
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Bernadette: Hi, honey.
Howard: Hey.
Bernadette: I made some brownies. You want one?
Howard: You’re kidding, right? I mean, you know I’m trying to lose weight. God, I thought we were partners in this marriage.
Bernadette: We are. Stop it. And for the last time, you’re not fat.
Howard: Really? Tell that to the bathroom scale, ’cause one of you is lying.
Bernadette: Fine, forget I asked. How was dinner at your mom’s?
Howard: Awful. I had to rub her ointment all over her again.
Bernadette: Why can’t she do it?
Howard: ‘Cause we’ve got a deeply unhealthy relationship. Which reminds me, do you think you can get any samples of this from work? This was supposed to last her a month, but they didn’t take into account the square footage of her back.
Bernadette: Let me see. How long have you been putting this on her?
Howard: I don’t know. Few weeks. Why?
Bernadette: This is really strong oestrogen cream. Please tell me you’ve been wearing gloves.
Howard: Like these swollen sausages could fit in gloves.
Bernadette: Howie, the oestrogen’s getting absorbed by your skin. That’s why you’ve been all bloated and moody and a giant pain in the ass. 
Howard: You’re full of oestrogen and you don’t act like that.
Bernadette: That’s ’cause I’m a woman. I’ve had years of practice riding the dragon.
Howard: Fine. I’ll wear gloves next time.
Bernadette: It’s still gonna take a few weeks for the hormones to leave your system.
Howard: I feel so stupid. And fat.
Bernadette: It’s okay. You still look great to me. In fact, why don’t we go in the bedroom and I’ll prove it to you?
Howard: Sex? Really? I mean, that’s just your solution to everything. 
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Oh, and here’s a fun thing. I worked it out so that there are two different words for spoon, planko and janko. Planko is a spoon with food, janko is a spoon without food. Janko is spelled with a silent ptang. Sheldon, you’re not even listening to the rules of my made-up language.
Sheldon: Yes, I am.
Amy: Then what does tweepadock mean?
Sheldon: Uh, elephant?
Amy: Lucky guess.
Sheldon: I’m sorry. I’m just distracted by something that happened over at Penny’s.
Amy: What happened?
Sheldon: I fear Penny is being unfaithful to Leonard.
Amy: What?
Sheldon: She claimed to be alone when there was obviously someone else in her apartment. I have no choice but to assume the worst, given Leonard’s lengthy sea voyage and her famously ravenous nether regions.
Amy: I don’t think Penny would cheat on Leonard.
Sheldon: Oh, really? She and I once had a staring contest. She clapped really loud and made me blink. It’s a small leap from there to sexual infidelity.
Amy: You’re being ridiculous.
Sheldon: Amy, there were Chinese food containers in the trash can.
Amy: Poor Leonard.
Scene: Sheldon and Amy listening at Penny’s door.
Amy: Do you hear anything?
Sheldon: I hear a woman’s voice.
Amy: Is it Penny?
Sheldon: No, it’s you. All right, I hear whispering and giggling. Now I think I hear kissing.
Amy: Yeah, like you know what kissing sounds like.
Sheldon: There’s kissing in Star Trek, smarty-pants.
Amy: Let me listen. Sounds like Leonard.
Sheldon: Please. Why would Leonard come home early and waste his time kissing Penny when he could be hanging out with his best buddy? Yeah, that’s it. I’m catching her in the act. (Unlocks door)
Amy: No, Sheldon, don’t.
Sheldon: Aha. 
Penny: What the hell?
Sheldon: Leonard?
Penny: Sheldon, you cannot just barge in here like that. 
Sheldon: Right. (Goes out.) (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. Are you going to answer the door or should I open it and say aha again?
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Leonard: I’m sorry, Sheldon. I should’ve told you I was back. I just wanted to have a couple days alone with Penny.
Sheldon: Oh, no, I should apologize. Uh, I never realized to what extent our friendship was a burden to you.
Leonard: That is not fair. I complain about what a burden it is at least once a month.
Sheldon: Oh, no, no, let’s not sugarcoat this. You find me finicky, pedantic and annoying.
Penny: No, he doesn’t.
Leonard: I actually have used those exact words before. In that order.
Sheldon: Well, Leonard, I think it’s high time you and I address the tweepadock in the room.
Leonard: The what?
Sheldon: Amy?
Amy: Please leave me out of this.
Sheldon: Fine. Leonard, there’s no need for you to pretend to like me anymore.
Leonard: Come on, I said I was sorry.
Sheldon: No, no, you save your apologies for after you’ve had disappointing coitus with Penny.
Penny: It was fine.
Leonard: Come on, this is silly. Hey, um, I brought you back a little present from my trip, huh? It’s that sailor cap that you wanted. It’s neat, huh?
Sheldon: You honestly think you can buy back my friendship with a cheap souvenir?
Leonard: I don’t. I really don’t. Just try it on. Oh, yeah.
Amy: Hello, sailor.
Penny: Ooh, now we’re talking.
Sheldon: Excuse me. This changes nothing. Except the Halloween costume I’m wearing this year. Amy, you’re going to be Olive Oyl. Lay off the doughnuts.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: Thanks for coming over.
Raj: No problem. Ooh, you made little sandwiches.
Howard: Yeah, that’s cucumber and cream cheese. That’s turkey and loganberry. And don’t tell my hips, but I’m warming up a brie in the oven.
Raj: Nice. So, mmm. What’s up?
Howard: Okay, well, I’ve been reading up on all the side effects you can get from oestrogen, and, I need you to be honest with me. Do my boobs look bigger to you?
Raj: Well, it’s kind of hard to tell. 
Howard: Come on, Raj, it’s a yes or no question.
Raj: I’m not sure. Um, wait. Jump up and down, let’s see if they jiggle. Uh, no, I, I still can’t tell, uh, oh, you know what? Okay, uh, give me some of this.
Howard: Seriously?
Raj: Do you want my help or not?
Howard: Fine.
Raj: Okay, yup. See, see, that, that looks like, that looks like they could be bigger. But you know, I bet, I bet when I do it, mine do the same thing.
Howard: Yeah, they kind of do.
Raj: Hmm. Uh, let me see something. (Grabs his boob)
Howard: Hey, easy, my nipples are sensitive.
Raj: Oh. Sorry, sorry, uh, okay. (Grabs boob again. Behind them, Bernadette walks in) I mean, yeah, maybe.
Howard: Okay, let me feel. No, I am definitely up a cup size. 
Raj: You know, but, but they’re very firm, so you’ve got that going for you.
Howard: You think?
Raj: Yeah, yeah, yeah, very perky.
Howard: Thank you. I really needed to hear that today. (Bernadette rolls eyes and walks out) Ooh, brie’s ready.
Raj: Yay.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Good morning.
Sheldon: Hello.
Leonard: So am I driving you to work or are you still mad at me?
Sheldon: I’d like a ride. Assuming you actually do take me to work.
Leonard: Where do you think I would take you?
Sheldon: Who knows? Uh, you said you’d be home yesterday, but you came home three days ago. You say you’re taking me to work, but for all I know, I’ll end up in a deserted amusement park. Or a cornfield maze. Or a back alley dog fight. You tell me.
Leonard: I’m going to work. You can come if you want.
Sheldon: Okay. By the way, you have something on your shirt.
Leonard: No, I don’t.
Sheldon: Hurts, doesn’t it? You know, I find myself wondering if anything you’ve ever told me is true.
Leonard: I didn’t make it back. The ship sank, I’m in hell.
Sheldon: You say you’re from New Jersey, but how can I believe you?
Leonard: Why would anyone claim to be from New Jersey if they weren’t?
Sheldon: All right, I’ll give you that one.
Leonard: Hey, I said I was sorry. What else do you want from me?
Sheldon: I want you to admit that what you did was wrong.
Leonard: Fine. What I did was wrong.
Sheldon: I wish I could believe you.
Leonard: You know what? I’m not driving you to work, because you’re incredibly annoying.
Sheldon: You say one thing and do the other, so then you are driving me and you find me a delight.
Leonard: Stop it.
Sheldon: Keep it up?
Leonard: Bye.
Sheldon: Hello. So I guess you’re really holding up the other four fingers?
Scene: The stairwell.
Penny: Oh, hey, what are you doing here so early?
Amy: Driving Sheldon to work.
Penny: He’s still mad at Leonard, huh?
Amy: Well, he’s mad at you, too. He says you’re the succubus who led his friend astray.
Penny: I don’t know what succubus is, but it has suck in it, so that can’t be good.
Sheldon: Thought I heard you out here.
Penny: Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon: You don’t get a hey. You get a hmm.
Penny: Come on, don’t be like that. We had so much fun together the last couple of months.
Sheldon: You’re right. Which makes your betrayal all the more devastating.
Penny: Sheldon.
Sheldon: I let you buy feminine hygiene products with my supermarket club card. You have any idea the kind of coupons I’m going to get in the mail now?
Amy: Sheldon, your fight’s with Leonard. Penny’s got nothing to do…
Sheldon: Careful, Amy. The friend of my enemy’s girlfriend is my enemy. 
Amy: Really?
Sheldon: Yes. You’re either with me or against me.
Amy: You want to take the bus to work?
Sheldon: Maybe there’s a third option.
Amy: FYI, I had a doughnut for breakfast, you jerk.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: So now we’re just waiting for the data from the ship to be crunched, but the numbers look pretty promising.
Howard: That’s so great. If you guys prove the existence of Unruh radiation… Hey, hey, hey, hey. My eyes are up here.
Sheldon: Howard, Raj. Judas.
Leonard: You know what? You’re a crazy person.
Sheldon: A crazy person with a long memory, and if all goes according to plan, a robot army.
Howard: Stop it.
Sheldon: Or a mutant army. It depends on how my Kickstarter goes.
Howard: I said, stop it. Now, listen to me. You two aren’t just friends. You’re best friends. And that’s a beautiful thing. I mean, Leonard, you know why he’s so mad at you? It’s ’cause he missed you. Yeah, and as his friend, you should be happy he has love in his life. As I do. This man held my breast the other day and I love him for it.
Raj: A little loud, dude.
Howard: So, can we please put aside these petty differences and just be glad we’re here together?
Leonard: Okay.
Sheldon: I suppose so.
Howard: Thank you.
Raj: Uh, it wasn’t anything weird. It was just to see how big they were.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: And then Leonard took me to the barber and the dentist, and then to cap off the perfect day, the Los Angeles Bureau of Weights and Measures. 
Leonard: I thought the measures were going to be the stars of the show, turns out it was the weights.
Penny: I’m so glad you guys are friends again.
Sheldon: And I’m glad you and I are friends again, too.
Penny: Aw.
Sheldon: Which reminds me. This came in the mail, and I want you to have it.
Penny: Fifty cents off Vagisil.
Sheldon: Think of me when you apply it.
Raj: Uh, can I just say, I’ve missed all of us hanging out together.
Sheldon: Yeah.
Penny: Me, too.
 
Leonard: Um, since when can Koothrappali talk in front of the girls without a beer?
 
Bernadette: Oh, that happened right after you left.
 
Leonard: And no one told me?
 
Howard (crying): Can’t believe we forgot to tell him.
 
Penny (handing Howard the Vagisil coupon): Think of Sheldon when you apply it.
 
 								
			
				Scene: The Cheesecake Factory
Raj: So, couldn’t help but notice none of you RSVP’d to my murder mystery dinner party.
Leonard: Oh, yeah. We were meaning to do that.
Raj: No, you weren’t because it was a week ago and nobody came. So, if you want to solve the mystery of who stabbed Koothrappali in the back with the weapon of indifference, it was all of you.
Sheldon: I don’t think thatqualifies as a mystery, we all knew what we were doing.
Amy: We’re sorry, Rajesh. 
Bernadette: Maybe we can do it next week.
Howard: Whoa, whoa, we’re not that sorry.
Raj: Don’t worry, I can take a hint. No more murder mystery parties.
Leonard: Great. 
Sheldon: Thank you.
Howard: Hallelujah.
Raj: Because I’ve got something even better planned.
Leonard: Aw.
Howard: Why?
Sheldon: Come on.
Raj: Just hear me out. I’m going to make you guys a scavenger hunt like they have at M.I.T.
Howard: Oh, I loved those. I did them every year there.
Leonard: We did them at Princeton, too.
Howard: Oh, that’s cute. Like it’s a real college.
Sheldon: That’s amusing, I was going to say that about M.I.T., but it works for Princeton, too.
Amy: Scavenger hunts at Harvard were really tough. I always got stuck on the first challenge, trying to find someone to be on a team with me. I guess that story’s more sad than funny.
Penny: I love scavenger hunts. My friends and I had them all the time.
Leonard: Oh, these are a little different. There’s a tradition at elite universities…
Howard: And Princeton.
Leonard: A tradition of hunts full of puzzles that rely on logic and obscure knowledge, science.
Penny: Oh, in ours we would just run around town looking for a store that would sell us beer.
Raj: So, uh, who’s in?
Leonard: I think it sounds fun.
Amy: Yeah, me, too.
Various: I’m in, let’s do it.
Sheldon: I’m sorry. Are we really doing this or are we tricking Koothrappali again like with the dinner party?
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: What’s all this?
Sheldon: Oh, everything I could possibly need to win the scavenger hunt.
Leonard: You really think he’s gonna send us to a bowling alley?
Sheldon: Well, if he does, do you know how filthy those rental balls are? They might as well stand on the corner and give away free rectal exams.
Raj: Okay, everybody. Who’s ready for a scavenger hunt? (Pumping disco music) Somewhere in the city of Pasadena, I’ve hidden a golden coin. You will be faced with a total of ten puzzles. Each p… (cough) each, each puzzle will lead you to the location of the next, the last of which will lead you to the coin. The first team that finds it wins.
Sheldon: He is a born showman.
Raj: Any questions?
Howard: Yes, to be fair, do people who went to Princeton get a head start?
Leonard: It’s not funny.
Sheldon: No, Oh, it actually is if you get the joke. It’s based on the premise that Princeton isn’t a very good school. 
Leonard: Ha-ha.
Sheldon: Oh, see? Now he gets it.
Raj: Okay, guys, go ahead and divide yourselves into teams of two.
Bernadette: Should we just do couples?
Leonard: Couples sounds great. Or we could mix things up. Maybe pick names out of a hat. Whatever.
Penny: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Why don’t you just admit you don’t want to be on a team with me.
Leonard: I just said, couples sound great.
Penny: Mm-hmm, yeah, you don’t think I’m smart enough. You think I’m gonna be a liability. Even though I totally just used the word liability correctly in a sentence. Yeah.
Leonard: All right, let’s, let’s do couples. I want to.
Penny: No, no. Let’s mix things up. I choose Sheldon, and we’re gonna kick your ass!
Sheldon: Really? The only time I’m ever picked first for a team and I’m stuck with the liability?
Amy: Stop that. Penny is not a liability.
Penny: Thank you. Do you want to be on my team?
Amy: Maybe we pick names out of a hat.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. (Montage with scenes in the apartment and Leonard’s bedroom) 
Penny: All right, hurry up and close the door so they can’t hear us. Would you stop pouting? So, you picked my name. Get over it.
Sheldon: Yes, and do you know what the odds are I’d pick your name?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: It’s not hard, one in five. Now you know why I’m pouting.
Raj (over walkie-talkie): All right, teams. Get ready to open your first puzzle. Go. Do you see what I did? The first puzzle is a puzzle. Oh, my God, how adorable is that? I wish I had a friend like me.
Sheldon: What are you doing? You have to start with the edges.
Penny: Well, there’s no right way, Sheldon. I already found a few pieces that fit.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, take them apart and start with the edges. And stop wasting time.
Howard: Wow, you’re really good at puzzles.
Amy: I did them all the time as a kid. As my mom used to say, when you’re doing a puzzle, it’s like having a thousand friends. She was full of fun lies like that.
Howard: If it makes you feel any better, my mom’s just full of pound cake.
Amy: I’m sorry you got stuck with me. I bet you wanted to be with Bernadette.
Howard: Have you ever played a game with Bernadette?
Amy: No.
Howard: Have you ever gone into a steel cage with a wolverine?
Bernadette: Faster, faster, faster! Do you not know that word? It means more fast!
Leonard: Stop yelling at me.
Bernadette: Hey, you’ll know when I’m yelling at you.
Penny: Ooh, ooh, it’s the comic book store. All right, come on, that’s where we have to go.
Sheldon: But we haven’t finished the puzzle.
Penny: But, it, it doesn’t matter. We know the answer, come on.
Sheldon: You think you know the answer. But it could be a trick. What if when the puzzle’s complete, there’s a sign in the window that says go to the train store?
Penny: Okay, it’s not gonna say that.
Sheldon: Well, I hope you’re wrong. I really want to go to the train store.
Howard: It’s the comic book store. Let’s go.
Bernadette: Come on, numb nuts, it’s the comic book store.
Penny: It’s the comic book store, it’s the comic book store, it’s the comic book store.
Sheldon: It’s the comic book store.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Leonard: Do you think Penny’s mad at me?
Bernadette: Because you’re in the right lane behind a bus and you won’t go around it? I’m sure she finds it charming.
Leonard: No, because I didn’t want her on my team.
Bernadette: I’m starting to think she dodged a bullet. The slowest bullet in the world.
Leonard: Geez, I never realized you were so competitive.
Bernadette: Yeah, I know. Its, it’s probably because I grew up with five brothers and sisters so I had to fight for every… Oh, my God, you did not just slow down for a bird, you know they fly, right?
Scene: Howard’s car.
Amy: I think this is the first time we’ve ever actually been alone together.
Howard: Huh, I guess you’re right. Wonder why that is?
Amy: Well, off the top of my head, I’d say we don’t have a lot in common except for the people we’re involved with. Plus, when we first met, Penny warned me never to get into a car alone with you.
Howard: Yeah. You know, I bet you and I have more in common than we think.
Amy: Such as?
Howard: I don’t know. Tell me some things you like.
Amy: Uh, let’s see. I like harps, Little House on the Prairie, medieval poetry, medieval literature…
Howard: Hey, how about some music?
Amy: Great. Sheldon never lets me listen to music in the car. He doesn’t want to be mistaken for a gang member. 
Howard: Find something you like.
Amy: Beatles, boring. Eminem, scary. Weird Al? How old are you? Neil Diamond?
Howard: Yeah, I love Neil Diamond.
Amy: I love Neil Diamond.
Both: Sweet Caroline, bum-ba-da, good times never seemed so good, so good, so good, so good. I’ve been inclined…
Scene: The comic book store.
Raj: Oh, hey, thanks for letting me use the comic book store as part of the scavenger hunt.
Stuart: Oh, my pleasure. Always happy to help out with fun things that I wasn’t invited to be a part of.
Raj: Oh, congratulations. You’re the first team to arrive.
Amy: Yes, it’s not a ruse to make fun of me. It’s a real game and I’m winning it.
Raj: Your next puzzle is a riddle. And who better to give it to you than The Riddler?
Bernadette: Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go! How am I faster than you? I’m in heels and I stopped to take a phone call.
Leonard: I have asthma. Back off.
Howard: Riddle me this. Arrah, Arrah, and gather round, the work of this hero is legion-bound. He multiplies N by the number of He, and in this room the thing you’ll see.
Raj: Good riddle, huh?
Stuart: Yeah. So when you guys plan fun activities, does my name even come up, or…?
Raj: I invited you to my murder mystery party.
Stuart: No, you didn’t. 
Raj: Oh.
Penny: Ugh, we’re the last ones here, hurry up.
Sheldon: It is a marathon, not a sprint.
Penny: People run in a marathon.
Sheldon: Not with a bowling ball on their back.
Leonard: Hey, Penny, I just wanted to say good luck, and I hope there’s no hard feelings.
Bernadette: Hey, Romeo. Repair your relationship on your own time.
Leonard: Relax, it’s a hard puzzle. It’s gonna take a while to solve.
Penny: Riddle me this…
Sheldon: Got it.
Penny: Hey, Princeton, look at that, Team Community College Night School is in the lead.
Sheldon: I thought we were the Lightning Sharks.
Howard: Hey, you know what this could mean (whispers).
Amy: Oh, oh, that’s good. Then this would be (whispers back)
Howard: That’s it. 
Amy: To the Neil Mobile.
Bernadette: I knew it, we’re gonna lose.
Leonard: Wait, I got it. I got it/
Bernadette: Congratulations, you got it last. 
Leonard: You’re really mean, you know that?
Stuart: So no one’s gonna buy anything.
Scene: The geology lab at the University. 
Penny: Aha. Okay, let’s see. To continue on your quest, leave no stone unturned. Ooh.
Sheldon: The next clue must be hidden under one of these rocks.
Penny: Oh. Okay. Sheldon, I, I’ve got to ask, how did you figure out that it was the geology lab?
Sheldon: Oh, simple, the ‘arrah, ‘arrah in the riddle mean Jan Arrah, a member of the Legion of Superheroes, known as Element Lad. And then the word He, it wasn’t the masculine pronoun, but rather H e, the abbreviation for helium. See where I’m going with this?
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: Nice try. Now, Element Lad’s ability is the power to transmute chemical elements. Helium has an atomic number of two. If you multiply that by the atomic number of N, nitrogen, you get 14, which is the atomic number of? I’m just funnin’ you, silicon. And that is the most common element in the Earth’s surface. So that narrowed it down to the geology lab or the chemistry lab.
Penny: Wow. I can drink a beer underwater.
Sheldon: And I’m sure your parents are proud. Now, finally, the line in this room the thing you’ll see was an obvious reference to Fantastic Four member The Thing, who’s made entirely of…
Penny: Shut up. I solved it.
Sheldon: Those are map coordinates. Got ’em. Let’s go.
Penny: Well, wait. Don’t you want to know how I figured it out?
Sheldon: No one likes a know-it-all, Penny.
Scene: Howard’s car.
Howard: On the boats and on the planes. 
Amy: They’re coming to America. 
Howard: Never looking back again. 
Amy: They’re coming to America… ♪
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Leonard: Um, I’m okay with you driving my car. I’m not okay with you flying my car.
Bernadette: Don’t sweat it, my dad’s a cop. He can fix things.
Leonard: Uh-huh. Like death?
Bernadette (out of the window): Your kid may be an honour student but you’re a moron.
Leonard: Penny’s not answering my texts.
Bernadette: Who cares? Focus on the game.
Leonard: This stupid game is why she’s mad in the first place. I’m telling her I’m quitting.
Bernadette: No. Quitting would be the worst thing for your relationship.
Leonard: Why?
Bernadette: Because it would make you seem like something she already thinks you are. 
Leonard: What does she think I am?
Bernadette: How do I put this? She’s been known to call you a name that usually applies to a lady part. Or a cat. Or a willow.
Leonard: I can’t believe she would say that about me.
Bernadette: If you’re gonna cry about it there’s tissues in my purse. Unless you got some in yours. Big willow.
Scene: Howard’s car.
Howard: They’re coming to America, They’re coming to America.
Amy: Today!
Howard: Today!
Together: Today! Today!
Scene: Penny’s car.
Sheldon: Okay, another 30 feet.
Penny: Okay. Oh, it’s a bowling alley.
Sheldon: Yes. Yes. My brain is better than everybody’s.
Scene: The geology lab.
Howard: Love on the rocks. 
Amy: Ain’t no big surprise.
Howard: Just pour me a drink.
Amy: And I’ll tell you some lies. 
Scene: The apartment stairwell. Leonard is lowering himself down the lift shaft.
Leonard: Call me a lady part. We’ll see about that.
Bernadette: Can you reach the clue?
Leonard: Almost.
Bernadette: Hurry, Sheldon and Penny were right behind us in the bowling alley.
Leonard: Got it.
Bernadette: Great, climb back up. Come on.
Leonard: Yeah, Penny might be onto something.
Scene: Penny’s car. 
Sheldon: To the planetarium.
Penny: Let’s go.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Leonard: To the tar pits.
Bernadette: Let’s go.
Scene: Howard’s car.
Amy: There’s a Neil Diamond concert next month.
Howard: Let’s go.
Scene: The laundry room.
Penny: Three bags, no one’s opened ’em. we’re the first ones here.
Sheldon: It’s dirty laundry. You’re up.
Penny: What? Why me?
Sheldon: Because you’ve been training for this your whole life. You live in a pile of dirty laundry.
Bernadette: They’re here first. This is because you made me slow down for that blind guy.
Penny: Okay, the clue must be in the bag.
Leonard: The clue must be in the bag.
Penny: It’s just a bunch of pants.
Leonard: It’s just a bunch of pants.
Penny: You know, I’m surprised you want to copy my answers since I’m not even smart enough to be on your team. 
Leonard: Well, why would you want to be on someone’s team who you like to call a, I can’t even say it in front of Sheldon.
Penny: What are you talking about?
Leonard: You know exactly what I’m talking about.
Bernadette: No, she doesn’t. I just made that up.
Leonard: Why would you do that?
Bernadette: Because you were about to quit like a big, Sheldon, cover your ears.
Sheldon: I’m not a child. I know the word ninny.
Penny: Yeah, well, you should have quit ’cause I’m still gonna beat your ass.
Bernadette: Wish I had a man like her on my team.
Leonard: Hey, I am every bit as much of a man as Penny. Now, let’s do this.
Sheldon: Wait, it’s not all pants, there’s one shirt.
Penny: Oh.
Sheldon: Hey, that’s my shirt.
Leonard: This one is, too.
Sheldon: No, no, that’s not mine. It has a big spot on it.
Penny: But wait. So does this one.
Bernadette: Maybe the spot’s the clue.
Penny: Sheldon’s spot. The coin is in your spot.
Sheldon: Oh, that’s clever.
Penny (off): Hurry.
Sheldon: Be there in a minute. I just have to pre-soak these.
Scene: The stairwell.
Bernadette: Stop her, Leonard, stop her.
Penny: Well, where the hell’s the coin?
Leonard: Wasn’t the answer Sheldon’s spot?
Raj: Oh, yes, Leonard. Yes, it was.
Bernadette: Then where’s the coin?
Raj: Yes, exactly. Where is the coin? Why don’t you look in your pockets? I slipped them in there earlier today.
Penny: I don’t get it.
Raj: Don’t you see? When we’re all having fun together, we’re already winners. Oh, look. See? Even I’m a winner.
Leonard: Are you kidding me?
Penny: That is the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard. 
Bernadette: You suck so hard.
Raj: Well, I thought… Come on, I didn’t want anyone to feel bad at the end of the game. And some of those puzzles were really hard and I didn’t know who was gonna get Penny.
Penny: Run.
Raj: Okay, okay, that-that came out wrong, but you have to admit, you all had a wonderful time.
Penny: Run to India.
Raj: I just wanted to do something beautiful.
Sheldon (entering): Hey, look. I won.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory, karaoke night.
Howard: Hey, she got the way to move me, Cherry,
Amy: She got the way to groove me.
Howard: Cherry, baby
Amy: She got the way to move me, honey.
Together: She got the way to groove me. She got the way to move me.
Howard: Cherry
Together: She got the way to groove me, yeah!
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: So what’d you think?
Amy: It was good.
Sheldon: That’s it? Good”
Amy: I enjoyed it. When you told me I was going to be losing my virginity, I didn’t think you meant showing me Raiders of the Lost Ark for the first time.
Sheldon: My apologies. I chose my words poorly. I should have said you were about to have your world rocked on my couch. Anyway, thank you for watching it. It’s one of my all-time favourites.
Amy: It was very entertaining despite the glaring story problem.
Sheldon: Story problem? You, oh, Amy, what a dewy-eyed moon-calf you are. Raiders of the Lost Ark is the love child of Steven Spielberg and George Lucas, two of the most gifted filmmakers of our generation. I’ve watched it 36 times, except for the snake scene and the face-melting scene, which I can only watch when it’s still light out, but, I defy you to find a story problem. Here’s my jaw, drop it.
Amy: All right. Indiana Jones plays no role in the outcome of the story. If he weren’t in the film, it would turn out exactly the same.
Sheldon: Oh, I see your confusion. You don’t understand. Indiana Jones was the one in the hat with the whip.
Amy: No, I do, and if he weren’t in the movie, the Nazis would have still found the ark, taken it to the island, opened it up and all died, just like they did. Let me close that for ya.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The foyer.
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: Hi. I thought you went to the comic book store on Wednesdays.
Leonard: Yeah, but Sheldon and Amy were having date night and they don’t need me there to make it awkward. They have each other for that. So, how was school?
Penny: Oh, good. Check it out, The Disappointing Child by Beverly Hofstadter.
Leonard: You bought my mom’s book?
Penny: Yeah. It’s on the recommended reading list for my psychology class.
Leonard: Oh, come on. Not that book. It, it’s got, like, every horrible story from my childhood in it.
Penny: Oh, cool. Are there pictures?
Leonard: Seriously, please find another book.
Penny: Oh, come on. Why? How bad could it be?
Leonard: There, there’s chapters about potty training, and bed-wetting and masturbation. Basically, if something came out of me, she wrote about it. You know what? Do whatever you want, just don’t talk to me about it.
Penny: Not even the chapter on the breast-feeding crisis?
Leonard: It was not a crisis. Apparently, I favoured the left one, she got a little lopsided.
Penny: Oh, my God, you still go left.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Raj: Which celebrity would you say I look like the most?
Howard: Halle Berry. Why?
Raj: Stuart and I are putting dating profiles online, and it’s one of the questions. And thank you, I’d kill for that woman’s bone structure.
Leonard: Why are you reading Pride and Prejudice?
Sheldon: I’ll tell you why. Amy ruined Raiders of the Lost Ark for me, so now I’m trying to find something beloved to her and ruin that.
Howard: Because her life wasn’t enough?
Raj: Wait, how can, how can anyone ruin Raiders? It’s perfect.
Sheldon: Yeah, except for the fact that Indiana Jones is completely irrelevant to the story. With or without him, the Nazis find the ark, open it and die.
All: Aw!
Howard: Hey, wait a minute. No, the Nazis were digging in the wrong place. The only reason they got the ark was because Indy found it first.
Leonard: Actually, they were only digging in the wrong place because Indy had the medallion. Without him, they would have had the medallion and dug in the right place.
All: Aw!
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Okay, I know you don’t want to talk about it, but can I just ask you one question about your mom’s book?
Leonard: No.
Penny: I just want to know why a five-year-old boy puts on his mom’s make-up and wears balloon boobies.
Leonard: They weren’t boobies, they were muscles. And the make-up was green. I was pretending to be The Hulk.
Penny: You were wearing her bra.
Leonard: That was to keep my muscles from sagging. Can we please stop talking about this?
Penny: Okay, okay. But you know, as a student of psychology who got a check-plus on her first homework assignment, I think, sometimes, it’s good to open up about these things.
Leonard: Okay, fine. Do you want to know why I dressed like The Hulk? Because I was always mad at my mom and I wanted to smash my way out of that house.
Penny: Well, why were you so angry?
Leonard: Gee, I don’t know. Maybe it’s because I was always the subject of her little experiments. Did you get to the chapter where she staged the Easter egg hunt with no eggs to see how long I’d keep looking? The answer, by the way, June.
Penny: Sweetie, I’m so sorry. I wish there was something I could do to make you feel better.
Leonard: I do, too, but there’s not.
Penny: Really? Are you sure about that?
Leonard: Of course, who am I to argue with a check-plus student? Just warning you, I’m gonna go right. Don’t make a big deal out of it.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Stuart: Is make-up really necessary?
Raj: Well, when someone looks at your dating profile, the first thing they see is your picture. I just want to make sure you look fun and full of life and not like a body they just pulled out of the river. All right, here we go, and smile. Okay, uh-uh, that one’s in the bank. How about this? Turn away, and then turn back into it. But when you do, imagine the camera is the girl you want to meet.
Stuart: You got it.
Raj: Okay, uh, let’s try it again. Uh, but this time, pretend the girl you want to meet doesn’t want to hurt you.
Stuart: I don’t think I can give you that.
Raj: Come on. One more time. Yeah, it’s, it’s a little blurry, but I think that works in your favour. Do you want a beer?
Stuart: Sure. Hey, have you finished writing your profile yet?
Raj: Almost. Oh, what did you put as the one-word description of yourself?
Stuart: I put unobjectionable. But now that I hear it out loud, it just seems like I’m being cocky. What did you put for your best feature?
Raj: My parents’ money. Uh, what did you put for your best feature?
Stuart: I put: not applicable.
Raj: Come on, dude, you’re being too hard on yourself. You’ve got a lot of good stuff going on.
Stuart: Really? Like what?
Raj: Well, okay, you’re a, you’re a talented artist, you own your own business.
Stuart: Neither of those things have ever helped me meet a woman.
Raj: Okay, well, can we imply that you’re well-endowed?
Stuart: I do have one oddly long testicle.
Raj: Okay, now you’re talking like a winner!
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Whatcha doin’?
Sheldon: Oh, it turns out Amy’s beloved Pride and Prejudice is a flawless masterpiece. He’s got too much pride, she’s got too much prejudice, it just works.
Leonard: So you’re looking to ruin something for her in the funny pages?
Sheldon: Amy has a fondness for the comic strip Marmaduke.
Leonard: Mm-hmm. And?
Sheldon: And I think I’ve got it. Consider, a family possesses a dog that is so large and poorly disciplined, he causes nothing but problems. Why do they keep him?
Leonard: Maybe they fell in love with him as a puppy and didn’t know how big he was gonna be.
Sheldon: Of course. You know, why couldn’t she just like Ziggy? Yeah? That thing’s riddled with plot holes.
Leonard: Sorry, buddy.
Sheldon: Ooh, I think she’s a fan of Garfield as well. Oh, darn it, now so am I.
Leonard: I’ll see you later. I gotta go watch a stupid football game with Penny.
Sheldon: Wait, hang on. You’ve spent time with Amy. Can you think of anything she’s fond of that has a bunch of flaws she hasn’t noticed?
Leonard: I gotta go.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Leonard: You ready to go?
Penny: Yep. Hey, and maybe this time you don’t try and talk sports with the guys.
Leonard: Some sports bar. It’s like they never even heard of Quidditch. Do we really have to go?
Penny: Oh, come on. Every time we’re about to hang out with my friends, you don’t want to. It’s like, It’s too loud, or the bathroom’s too dirty, or they put a chicken wing in my ear. I mean…
Leonard: Well, you’re, you’re right. Let’s just go.
Penny: Hey, what’s going on with you?
Leonard: Nothing, I’m fine.
Penny: All right, hang on. is this still about your mom’s book?
Leonard: No. Not everything is about my mom. 
Penny: ‘Cause if you’re still upset about that, we don’t have to go.
Leonard: Except this is totally about my mom.
Penny: I’m so sorry. I never should have read that book. You know what? You want to just get dinner and watch the game here?
Leonard: That sounds nice. Yeah.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: Or, you know, we could get take-out and watch the Blu-ray extended version of The Hobbit movie with commentary track. On account of how sad I am about my mom.
Scene: Leonard’s lab.
Howard: Leonard, you ready for lunch?
Leonard: One sec. Hey. Sorry.
Howard: Hi, Penny.
Penny: Hi. All right, sweetie. You hang in there today.
Leonard: I’ll try, but I might be sad again tonight.
Penny: Okay.
Howard: Wow. Sex at work?
Leonard: Leave it alone. That’s my girlfriend.
Howard: Sorry. 
Leonard: Who just had sex with me at work.
Howard: Damn. How’d you swing that?
Leonard: Well, whenever I talk about how awful my mom was, Penny will do anything to make me feel better.
Howard: Seriously?
Leonard: Look, I mean, I’m not proud of it, but it does work. I got her to watch a six-part documentary on Monty Python. Even I was bored, I just wanted to see if she’d make it to the end.
Howard: You sound kind of proud of it.
Leonard: I am, I’m really proud.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy (on webcam): Hello, Sheldon. Is everything okay?
Sheldon: Yes. Why?
Amy: Well, the last time you made an unscheduled video-chat, there was a curly fry in your regular fries and you thought someone might be trying to slip you a mickey.
Sheldon: April 13, a dark night, indeed.
Amy: So what can I do for you?
Sheldon: I’m calling to invite you to a spontaneous date night tomorrow evening.
Amy: Really?
Sheldon: Yes. You were kind enough to watch Raiders of the Lost Ark with me. So I’d like to return the favour by inviting you to watch an episode of your favourite childhood television series, Little House on the Prairie.
Amy: That sounds lovely. Why are you rubbing your hands together?
Sheldon: Um, I’m putting on lotion. Are you in or not?
Amy: Of course I’m in.
Sheldon: Excellent. Then I shall see you tomorrow. Good night, Dr. Fowler.
Amy: Good night, Dr. Cooper.
Sheldon: Good night, indeed. What a rube. Why would I put on lotion when I have such soft hands?
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Bernadette: You were really quiet during dinner. Is everything okay?
Howard: Yeah. I guess I was just thinking about my mom, and how sad my childhood was.
Bernadette: Yeah, I bet it sucked. I’m gonna take a bath, you do the dishes.
Howard: How about I take a bath with you and see what happens.
Bernadette: Here’s what’s gonna happen. I’m gonna take a bath, and you’re gonna do the dishes.
Howard: That’s it? No compassion?
Bernadette: Aw, poor Howie. We good? I’m gonna take a bath.
Howard: Bernie…
Bernadette: God, what is going on with you? 
Howard: I’m sharing my pain.
Bernadette: And I’m not buying it. Try again.
Howard: I’m learning to be a man in a culture where it’s increasingly difficult to know how?
Bermadette: Strike two.
Howard: I’m copying Leonard. When he does this to Penny, they have sex and watch Monty Python.
Bernadette: Howard.
Howard: I know. It was dumb, I shouldn’t have done it. And it’s making me feel sad. So sad. You know, why don’t you take a bath? I’ll do the dishes.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj: Three, two, one. 
Stuart: That’s it. Our dating profiles are live on the Internet.
Raj: Attention all shoppers, my business is open for business!
Stuart: That’s right, ladies. For all you know, I’m confident and fun to be around.
Raj: Oh, cool, it tells you when someone’s reading your profile. Jenny309. I hope that’s not her weight. 
Stuart: If it is, I’ll take her. Ooh, I got one, too. The ladies are coming to us. Oh, man, if I’d started this years ago, I’d be divorced two or three times by now.
Raj: What? Another one. You know, it, it’s weird. When they’re reading your profile, does it, does it make you feel exposed? Like they see you naked?
Stuart: Well, they’re not running away screaming, so, no.
Scene: The apartment. 
Amy: I love Little House. It made me want to live on a farm so much I tried to milk my cat. That tangy bowl of Cheerios was not worth the stitches.
Sheldon: Well, you sit back, relax and enjoy a beloved childhood memory. You see that cabin there? I read they were illegally squatting on Indian land. Yeah. Personally, I think what we did to the Native Americans was wrong, but this is your favourite show, not mine. Oh, look at little Laura Ingalls, eating that peanut butter sandwich. Peanut butter? Huh? That’s strange, since peanut butter wasn’t introduced until the early 1900s. If I knew this show was about time travel, I would have watched it much sooner.
Amy: You’re trying to get back at me for what I said about Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Sheldon: That’s silly. Almost as silly as Dr. Baker having a telephone, since telephones only existed in large cities at that time. This is more like Little House on the Preposterous.
Amy: Sheldon, we’re in a relationship. When you get angry, just tell me. You don’t need to seek revenge.
Sheldon: Are you sure? Every time my dad stayed out all night, my mom would put hamster poop in his chewing tobacco.
Amy: Well, that’s not how we’re going to do it.
Sheldon: Fine. I’m mad at you. Not only did you ruin Raiders for me, you may have ruined the whole franchise. Except for the fourth one, which was bad before you got your mitts on it.
Amy: I shouldn’t have said it. I’m sorry.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Amy: Do you feel better?
Sheldon: Yes. But not as good as I’m going to when I tell you that your precious Garfield has no reason to hate Mondays. He’s a cat. He doesn’t have a job.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Leonard: Hey, I was just… what is happening?
Penny: Oh, just a little treat. I know you’ve been feeling really bad about your mom lately.
Leonard: Oh, oh, I have. So bad.
Penny: And I wanted to make you feel better, so I planned something very special for you.
Leonard: Uh-huh, I can already feel it working.
Mrs Hofstadter (on webcam): Hello, Leonard.
Leonard: Mom?
Mrs Hofstadter: I understand you have been whining about my parenting in order to emotionally manipulate your girlfriend. 
Leonard: I… uh…
Penny: Bernadette told me everything. Now you don’t get the left or the right.
Mrs Hofstadter: Let’s discuss why you continue to involve me in your sex life.
Leonard: Oh, please, Mommy. No, Mommy.
Mrs Hofstadter: When you were six years old, you walked in on me and your father naked. I was swatting his bottom with your brand new Ping Pong paddle.
Leonard: I didn’t dream that?
Mrs Hofstadter: How did that make you feel?
Leonard: Penny, come back. I’m sad for real now.
Scene: Raj’s apartment. 
Raj: In the last two hours, 162 women have read our profiles. How many of them have sent us messages?
Stuart: Combined?
Raj: Yes.
Stuart: Zero.
Raj: Dude, this is, this is brutal. 
Stuart: I don’t think I’ve ever felt so rejected. And I had a rescue dog who ran back to the pound.
Raj: This is the worst. If we’re gonna get shot down, we might as well just go to a bar and do it old school.
Stuart: And make them look us in the eye.
Raj: Yeah, anything is better than this.
Scene: A bar. 
Raj: Hello.
Girl: Not interested.
Raj: I was wrong. This is worse.
Scene: The apartment. 
Howard: Wait, wait, if it wasn’t for Indiana Jones, the ark would never have ended up at the warehouse. 
Sheldon: That’s true. He collected and delivered the ark to the proper authorities for filing.
Raj: Like a hero.
All: Yeah!
Leonard: Although, technically, Indy was supposed to take the ark to a museum to be studied. He couldn’t even get that done.
All: Aw!
 								
			
				Scene: The cafeteria.
Raj: Hey, I read that someone invented a way to convert your footsteps into electromagnetic energy so you can charge your cell phone while walking.
Leonard: We had that idea years ago. How come we never did anything with it?
Howard: Probably because we left the diagram of it in the restaurant, and none of us wanted to walk back.
Sheldon: I know the real reason you never made progress with that idea. You thought of it September 22nd, 2007. Two days later, Penny moved in, and so much blood rushed to your genitals, your brain became a ghost town.
Leonard: That’s not what happened.
Sheldon: I remember it distinctly because I had just composed my annual poem commemorating the anniversary of Dr. Seuss’s death.
Howard: No one wants to hear it.
Sheldon: Why, die. Why did he die? Old, told. I was told he was old.
Leonard: Penny is not the reason I didn’t pursue that idea.
Sheldon: Oh, really? Since meeting her, what have been your greatest accomplishments?
Raj: Easy. Sleeping with Penny.
Howard: Getting Penny to go back out with him after she dumped him.
Raj: Tricking Penny into getting engaged.
Howard: And a few weeks ago, he almost did a pull-up.
Leonard: I think someone owes me an apology.
Sheldon: Well, don’t feel bad. I think we’ve all been distracted since the girls entered our lives.
Howard: You admit Amy’s a distraction?
Sheldon: Oh, very much so. Listen to this. This is from two days ago. Hi. Hope you’re having a good day. Who has time for this constant sexting?
Leonard: Well, maybe we have lost our focus.
Howard: It wouldn’t kill us to get together and brainstorm ideas.
Raj: Ooh, we could have one of those retreats.
LeonardLike our own science retreat.
Howard: My cousin has a cabin out in the woods.
Sheldon: I’m not going to a cabin in the woods. Did you see the movie Cabin in the Woods?
Leonard: Then we’ll go to a hotel.
Sheldon: A hotel? Did you see The Shining?
Raj: We could go up to Big Bear and get a house on the lake.
Sheldon: Did you see The Lake House?
Raj: Nothing bad happens in The Lake House.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, no, not to them. To me. Time traveling mailbox. The only time that traveled was an hour and half of my life down the toilet.
Leonard: Fine. Then we’ll just stay here and do it.
Sheldon: Well, you didn’t suggest a beach house.
Leonard: You would go to a beach house?
Sheldon: Well, good Lord, no, have you seen Jaws?
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Hey.
Leonard: Hey. So, the guys and I are talking about having kind of a science retreat this weekend. I just wanted to know if that’s okay. You and I had talked about going to brunch on Sunday.
Penny: Want to go to Vegas this weekend?
Amy: Of course I do.
Penny: Bernadette? Girl’s weekend. Vegas. You in?
Bernadette: Hell, yeah.
Penny: Yes. I’ll check flights.
Bernadette: I’ll check hotels.
Amy: I’ll check my underpants. I’m so excited, I think I peed.
Leonard: They seem okay with it.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Hey.
Leonard: Hey.
Howard: Hey. I didn’t think you’d make it.
Raj: Why not?
Howard: Well, ’cause you have a steady girlfriend now, and we assumed you’d have to stay home to lower the food down to her in the pit.
Raj: For your information, Emily is working tonight.
Sheldon: Yeah, one would assume, on getting out of the pit.
Leonard: Okay, let’s focus. The girls are gone, we have 48 hours. There are no distractions. Let’s change the world.
Sheldon: Thinking caps on.
Howard: Here we go.
Raj: Ooh, this is exciting. We’re innovating. I feel like we’re in the Facebook movie.
Howard: Oh. I never saw that.
Sheldon: Really?
Raj: Oh. It’s wonderful, and I swear I’m not saying that because Justin Timberlake is in it.
Sheldon: Yeah, I have it on Blu-ray. We should watch it.
Raj: Cool. I’ll make the popcorn.
Leonard: Guys, in 30 seconds, we went from let’s change the world to let’s watch TV.
Sheldon: I’m sorry. Is that a no?
Howard: Okay. No. Leonard’s right. We’re here to focus. Didn’t we used to have a list of all our ideas?
Leonard: I, I think I still have it.
Sheldon: I did not get a clear answer. I’m gonna set this down now.
Leonard: Ah, here it is. Whoa. I haven’t looked at these in years. Robot girlfriend.
Howard: Mm, that was mine.
Leonard: Robot prostitute.
Howard: Also mine.
Sheldon: Wait. I’m confused. Why would you need both a robot girlfriend and a robot prostitute?
Howard: There’s just some things you don’t do with your robot girlfriend.
Raj: Boy, when you met Bernadette, the field of robotics really took a hit.
Leonard: Okay, let’s just skip all the inventions you can have sex with. All right, no, here we go, ergonomic heated seat cushion.
Howard: No, it vibrates. Keep going.
Leonard: You know, let’s just come up with something new.
Sheldon: You know, a number of significant innovations have been inspired by science fiction. The, the geosynchronous satellite from Arthur C. Clarke. The Motorola flip phone, that came from Star Trek. And I’ve long suspected that the idea of an African-American president was stolen from the movie Deep Impact.
Raj: Hey, the future they show in Back to the Future II is only a year away. A lot of the things in that movie haven’t been invented yet.
Leonard: How cool would that be if we could make one of those a reality?
Sheldon: If we could figure out the scientific basis for Marty’s hover board, that would have universal application.
Leonard: Well, it’s, it’s possible at absolute zero, but we would have to remove the temperature restrictions.
Raj: Oh, I have an idea.
Sheldon: I think I have the same one.
Howard: We got to watch Back to the Future II.
Raj: I’ll make the popcorn.
Scene: A Vegas hotel room.
Penny: So, where should we go first?
Amy: Ooh. There’s a cover band in the lounge.
Penny: Nah.
Amy: But they play Barry Manilow.
Penny: No.
Amy: But they’re called Fairly Manilow.
Penny: Oh. Okay.
Amy: Great.
Penny: No.
Bernadette: Well, what do you want to do?
Penny: Well, we’re in Vegas. I want to go downstairs, get a bucket of margaritas, dance until I vomit all over a roulette wheel and watch it go everywhere.
Amy: What if we don’t want to vomit?
Penny: Oh, you will. That’s why they give you the bucket. Uh-oh.
Amy: What?
Penny: It’s my boss. They moved my field ride up to Monday.
Amy: What does that mean?
Penny: It means instead of having a week to study, I only have two days.
Bernadette: That sucks.
Amy: Can you start in the morning?
Penny: Uh, it’s kind of a lot. You know, let me do a little tonight, and I’ll catch up with you guys later.
Bernadette: You sure?
Penny: Yeah, it’s okay. Go ahead.
Amy: So, um, now that Penny’s not coming…
Bernadette: We’re not seeing Fairly Manilow.
Amy: Okay.
Scene: The apartment. 
Howard: Hold on. Pause. Something doesn’t make sense. Look, in 2015, Biff steals the sports almanac and takes the time machine back to 1955, to give it to his younger self. But as soon as he does that, he changes the future, so the 2015 he returns to would be a different 2015, not the 2015 that Marty and Doc were in.
Leoanard: This is Hot Tub Time Machine all over again. If future Biff goes back to 2015 right after he gives young Biff the almanac, he could get back to the 2015 with Marty and Doc in it. Because it wasn’t until his 21st birthday that 1955 Biff placed his first bet.
Sheldon: Wait. Whoa, whoa. Is placed right?
Leonard: What do you mean?
Sheldon: Is placed the right tense for something that would have happened in the future of a past that was affected by something from the future?
Leonard: Had will have placed?
Sheldon: That’s my boy.
Leonard: Okay, so, it wasn’t until his 21st birthday that Biff had will have placed his first bet and made his millions. That’s when he altered the timeline.
Sheldon: Yeah, but he had will haven’t placed it!
Howard: What?
Sheldon: Unlike Hot Tub Time Machine, this couldn’t be more simple. When Biff gets the almanac in 1955, the alternate future he creates isn’t the one in which Marty and Doc Brown ever use the time machine to travel to 2015. Therefore, in the new timeline, Marty and Doc never brought the time machine…
Leonard: Wait. Is brought right?
Sheldon: Marty and Doc never had have had brought?
Leonard: I don’t know. You did it to me.
Sheldon: Oh, I’m going with it. Marty and Doc never had have had brought the time machine to 2015. That means 2015 Biff could also not had have had brought the almanac to 1955 Biff. Therefore, the timeline in which 1955 Biff gets the almanac is also the timeline in which 1955 Biff never gets the almanac. And not just never gets. Never have, never hasn’t, never had have hasn’t.
Raj: He’s right. Also, what kind of name is Biff? Sounds like when you pop open a can of Pillsbury dough. Biff.
Howard: Oh, that stuff is so good wrapped around cocktail weenies.
Leonard: Guys.
Sheldon: Do you know that the word wiener comes from the German name of the Austrian capital Vienna, or Wien?
Raj: Do you know if you look at Austria on a map it actually looks like a wiener?
Leonard: Guys, what are we doing? We sent the girls away so we could focus.
Sheldon: I don’t think it worked.
Scene: A bar in Vegas.
Amy: Maybe after this, you’ll be in the mood for some Manilow.
Bernadette: I think after this, I’ll be dead.
Amy: Look at us out, while Penny’s in the room studying.
Bernadette: I’m proud of her. This is a great opportunity. It’s nice to see her take it seriously.
Amy: It is. But enough about Penny. Let’s talk about us. We’re looking good.
Bernadette: We are.
Amy: Better than good. I mean, look at you. Your body’s bangin’.
Bernadette: Amy.
Amy: Don’t Amy me. We’re always talking about how hot Penny is. Come on, scientist to scientist, how big are those Hadron Colliders?
Bernadette: You’re embarrassing me.
Amy: Oh, don’t be embarrassed. I’ll show you the divot in my spine.
Bernadette: What?
Amy: No, no, it’s okay. I was born with it. If you put a double-A battery in there, it makes my leg kick.
Scene: Leonard’s laboratory.
Leonard: All right.
Sheldon: Oh, this is already better. There are far fewer distractions in here.
Raj: Plus, this is where our minds are conditioned to focus on work.
Leonard: So, I’ve been thinking about the hover boards, and maybe there’s a way we could use Maglev technology.
Howard: Or if we could figure out a way to supercool the materials, we could utilize quantum coupling.
Sheldon: Well, I wonder if anyone’s tried that.
Raj: Go online and look it up.
Shortly afterwards.
Howard: Oh, I can’t argue with him. It’s right there on the screen. Austria does look like a wiener.
Raj: That’s nothing, dude. Go check out how hung Florida is.
Leonard: I’m sure Mrs. Florida’s walking funny. Can we get back to work?
Sheldon: Yeah, he’s right. Oh, here’s a thought. What if we use some form of operant conditioning techniques to keep us from getting off topic?
Howard: Like behavior modification?
Sheldon: Yeah, exactly. Did you know those techniques were used to actually teach pigeons to play ping-pong?
Raj: That cannot be true.
Shortly afterwards.
Raj: Hey, it was match point.
Leonard: Some psychologists perform operant conditioning with punishment. Maybe we can come up with a punishment for straying off topic.
Raj: Not getting to see who wins at pigeon ping-pong comes to mind.
Howard: We could snap a rubber band on our wrists every time we get sidetracked.
Sheldon: Mmm, not bad. You know, in medieval times, idle chatter was punished with a device called the scold’s bridle. It’s an iron cage that’s locked around the head and pierces the tongue.
Leonard: If only we had one.
Sheldon: Oh, I’ll check Amazon.
Scene: The hotel room.
Bernadette: Housekeeping.
Amy: We had a complaint about somebody pooping on a party in there.
Bernadette: It was us the whole time.
Amy: Why’d you tell her? It was working.
Bernadette: Was it working?
Penny: Yeah.
Bernadette: Oh, I’m so sorry.
Penny: You guys look like you’re having fun.
Amy: We’re having the best time.
Bernadette: Guess who won a hundred dollars playing craps.
Penny: That’s a dollar.
Bernadette: Then guess who wildly overtipped a cocktail waitress.
Amy: Hey, Penny, hey, let’s go. We found a place that has Australian male strippers.
Bernadette: We want to see if they twirl their junk in the other direction.
Penny: That sounds so great. But I have a little more studying to do.
Amy: Can you believe this nerd?
Bernadette: Come on, do you want to sit here being a loser, or do you want to watch me climb into an Australian man’s G-string like a baby kangaroo?
Penny: All right, guys, look, I would love to go out, but I’ve got to get this done, okay? So have fun at the club. And if you get in trouble, find a policeman. And if he’s taking off his pants, he is not a real policeman.
Amy: Okay, okay, this is obviously very important to her. Let’s just, we’ll help her study so she can get done quicker. Here, here, I’m gonna quiz you. I’m gonna quiz you. I got your notes. I got your notes. I got your notes. If you want these, they’re gonna be at the strip club.
Bernadette: Aren’t you gonna chase her?
Penny: To the walk-in closet? Sure.
Scene: Leonard’s lab.
Leonard: Okay, so we agree, whenever someone takes us off topic they get their arm hair yanked off.
Raj: And I really can’t let that happen or the girl who does my eyebrows will think I’ve been cheating on her.
Leonard: All right, now, one benefit of quantum coupling…
Sheldon: Wait, a question, who decides if someone’s gone off topic?
Leonard: I think it’ll be pretty clear. If not, we’ll take a vote. Oh, and also…
Sheldon: Ow. We didn’t vote!
Leonard: We didn’t have to, that was clearly a tangent. Now come on. Back to work. If we’re leaning towards quantum coupling… Aah! Why?
Sheldon: You said quantum coupling. That made me think of the show Quantum Leap. That’s a tangent and it’s your fault.
Howard: That’s ridiculous. Sheldon, I vote that is not a tangent.
Leonard: Thank you. And now I owe you one.
Sheldon: Ow. That was your fault.
Howard: Hey.
Raj: Ooh, that is a lot of hair. Ow. And now I’m gonna hear it from Jenny.
Leonard: Everyone stop. This was a stupid idea. Negative reinforcement isn’t working.
Sheldon: I think you mean positive punishment. Negative reinforcement is the removal of a positive stimulus. It’s a common mistake.
Howard: Negative reinforcement is really wrong?
Sheldon: Oh, it’s used incorrectly all the time. Even Bill Murray makes that mistake in the first scene of Ghostbusters.
Raj: No way. Not Bill Murray.
Shortly afterwards.
Bill Murray (on screen): I’m studying the effect of negative reinforcement on ESP ability.
Raj: Huh. Bill Murray did get it wrong.
Howard: Jump ahead to the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man.
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Leonard’s right. We can’t just jump ahead. We have to watch the whole movie.
Leonard: Look. We keep procrastinating. We saw Back to the Future II, pigeons playing ping-pong, a bunch of countries that look like genitals and one guy whose genitals look like Denmark.
Raj: Yeah, sorry for clicking on that.
Leonard: It’s late. We’ve wasted hours. Can we please find it in ourselves to do any amount of work tonight?
Sheldon: But we didn’t see them bust one ghost.
Leonard: So you’re, you’re saying we should stand here in my lab on a Saturday night and watch the rest of Ghostbusters on a crappy laptop?
Sheldon: No.
Scene: The apartment.
All: Ghostbusters!
Leonard: It really does hold up.
Scene: The Vegas strip club.
Bernadette: See? Isn’t this better than a hotel room?
Penny: Yep. Shake that thing.
Bernadette: Have you ever seen a body so fine?
Amy: We had some pretty hot corpses in my anatomy class, but none of them moved like that.
Scene: The hotel room.
Penny: Good morning. You want to go to the pool? Come on, you said it yourself, only nerds and losers stay in the room. Wow, it’s bright out. Isn’t it bright? I should probably close these curtains. Nah. Bye.
Bernadette: Would you please close the drapes?
Amy: Okay.
 								
			
				Scene: The Cheesecake Factory
Penny: What are you working on?
Sheldon: Can’t talk. In the zone.
Penny: Do you know what he’s doing?
Amy: Could be anything. Last time he was like this, he figured out electron transport in graphene. The time before that, he was making a list of who’s allowed in his tree fort if fe ever gets one. Still can’t believe I didn’t make the cut.
Penny: Uh, Sheldon, you want to take a break? Your food’s ready.
Leonard: No, no, what are you doing? He’s both happy and quiet. It’s like seeing a unicorn and Bigfoot at the same time.
Howard: Sorry we’re so late. Bernadette got stuck at work.
Bernadette: Great news. A raccoon virus just crossed the species barrier and now can infect humans.
Raj: Why is that great news?
Bernadette: In the pharmaceutical business we have a saying, mo’ infections, mo’ money.
Howard: Wait, Maybe you want to wash your little raccoon hands first.
Bernadette: Oh, calm down. If I had it, I’d be dead already.
Howard: Guys, listen up. 
Sheldon: Can’t listen, zone. Also don’t care.
Howard: Next week is the anniversary of my first date with Bernadette.
Sheldon: Really don’t care.
Howard: I want to do something special, and I was hoping you guys could be a part of it.
Penny: Aw, what horrible thing are you trying to make up for?
Howard: Just putting something in the bank for what horrible thing I do next.
Penny: Ah.
Howard: Look, she’s gonna be back any second, so here’s the deal. I’m writing a song, and I was hoping we could all play it for her together.
Leonard: Aw.
Amy: Oh, I love that.
Raj: That is so beautiful.
Howard: Sheldon?
Sheldon: When did we get to the Cheesecake Factory?
Credits sequence
Scene: The stairwell
Leonard: It’s really sweet what Howard wants to do for Bernadette.
Penny: Yeah. Hey, how come you’ve never done anything romantic to celebrate our first date?
Leonard: Well, for starters, you’ve broken up with me so many times, which first date are we talking about?
Sheldon: Ooh, somebody call the burn ward. And back to the zone.
Leonard: And besides, I do romantic things for you all the time. Can you even name one romantic thing you’ve done for me?
Penny: I can name tons.
Leonard: Sex doesn’t count.
Penny: Oh. I know, what about that bed-and-breakfast?
Leonard: Well, I took you there. All you did was…
Penny: I know what I did. I bet they had to throw out that rocking chair. You know, I can be romantic if I want to.
Leonard: It’s fine. And also not true.
Penny: Okay, just you wait and see. I’m gonna romance your freakin’ ass off.
Leonard: That’s beautiful. Is that Shakespeare?
Penny: Sheldon?
Sheldon: Zone.
Leonard: He’ll figure it out when he falls off the roof.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Sheldon, I know you’re in the zone, but do you want some tea? All right, I can’t believe I’m gonna say this, but you haven’t spoken in hours and I’m starting to get worried. Please say something.
Sheldon: Leonard, prepare to be humbled and weep at the glory of my genius.
Leonard: Nope, it was better before.
Sheldon: Look at it. I feel like my mind just made a baby. And it’s beautiful. It’s not like human babies, which are loud and covered in goop.
Leonard: Holy crap, Sheldon, did you just figure out a method for synthesizing a new stable super-heavy element?
Sheldon: Did I? Well, that can’t be right. No one’s ever done that before. Except me, because I just did it. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain…
Leonard: Yeah, definitely better before.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Howard: So I’m almost done writing the song for Bernadette. Are you cool playing the cello?
Leonard: If by cool you mean willing to, yes. If by cool you mean cool, clearly you’ve never seen me play the cello.
Howard: Great. Will you play the ukulele?
Raj: Of course. I’d be happy to shred it on my ax.
Howard: Or you could just play your tiny, ridiculous guitar.
Raj: Fine. I will melt her heart. And her face.
Sheldon: Gentlemen. Uh, no doubt you heard about my little breakthrough. Now, if your plan is to hoist me on your shoulders and carry me around the cafeteria, please refrain. I don’t care for heights, motion sickness or the thought of your necks touching my buttocks. 
Howard: Seriously, congratulations, Sheldon.
Raj: Yeah, I read your paper online. That technique for creating a new heavy element is inspired.
Sheldon: Oh, well, thank you. Believe it or not, I just learned a Chinese research team at the Hubei Institute for Nuclear Physics ran a test on a cyclotron, and the results were extremely promising.
Leonard: Sheldon, that’s incredible.
Sheldon: Yeah, I know. They called it the greatest thing since the Communist party. Although I’m pretty sure that the Communist party made them say that. I like China. See, they know how to keep people in line.
Howard: So, what happens next?
Sheldon: Oh, more testing, more success, more fame. Yeah, but don’t worry, I will remain the same down-to-earth humble Joe I’ve always been.
Leonard: Good to know.
Sheldon: Now give me that cookie, I discovered an element.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Penny: Thank you so much for coming.
Raj: You called the right person. I believe I have the perfect romantic evening for you to give Leonard.
Penny: Okay, good, ’cause I’ve been really struggling with this.
Raj: As I’m sure you’re aware, the quickest way to a man’s heart is through his…
Penny: Pants, but Leonard says sex doesn’t count.
Raj: Oh. You poor thing. You have one arrow in your quiver, and you just can’t use it. Fortunately, another pathway to a man’s heart is through his stomach. 
Penny: I don’t know if I want to cook for him. He’s kind of a picky eater. I mean, it’s too salty, it’s too dry, it’s too burnt and frozen at the same time. Okay, come on, what else would sweep you off your feet?
Raj: Well, I’ve always had this fantasy that involves dancing. The sexual chemistry between my partner and me is electric. But boy, oh, boy, does my father not approve until he sees us in the big dance competition.
Penny: Okay, that’s just the plot for Dirty Dancing. What else would you love? Other than being lifted over Patrick Swayze’s head.
Raj: Oh, oh, uh, you could, uh, stand outside his window with a boom box in the air.
Penny: That’s from Say Anything.
Raj: Look, I’m a lonely guy, I watch a lot of movies. Look, Penny, if you truly want to be romantic, it needs to come from you.
Penny: I get that, but why is this so hard?
Raj: Well, you’ve probably never had to do this stuff ’cause you’re young and beautiful and men have always thrown themselves at you.
Penny: Yeah, I’m trying to be sad about that. I can’t.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Let’s see, what’s next? Okay, here. This is the Magic Marker I was using when I made the discovery.
Amy: I don’t think the Smithsonian’s gonna want your marker. 
Sheldon: And that’s why you’re not on a list for my tree fort. Ooh, guess who’s getting an article written about him in Physics Today? I’ll give you a hint. You measured the diameter of his suspicious mole yesterday.
Amy: Sheldon, I’m so proud of you.
Sheldon: Well, you should be. My discovery is spreading like wildfire. Unlike my mole, which is holding steady at the size of a navy bean.
Amy: What’s next?
Sheldon: This is the very copy of The Handbook of Chemistry and Physics in which I looked up the reaction rates of mendelevium and…
Amy: And what?
Sheldon: No. No, no, no, no.
Amy: What’s wrong?
Sheldon: I’ve made a horrible mistake.
Amy: What are you talking about?
Sheldon: This table, it’s in square centimetres. I read it as square metres. You know what that means?
Amy: That Americans can’t handle the metric system?
Sheldon: Amy, I was off by a factor of 10,000. 
Amy: But the Chinese team found the element.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, they shouldn’t have. My calculations were wrong. There must be some resonance between the elements I didn’t know about.
Amy: So you just got lucky?
Sheldon: Sheldon Cooper does not get lucky.
Amy: You and me both, brother. It doesn’t matter. The element was found because of you, and that’s groundbreaking.
Sheldon: What matters is the greatest scientific achievement of my life is based on a blunder. I’m not a genius, I’m a fraud.
Amy: You know, Sheldon, in neuroscience, we’re forever finding something in one part of the brain that we thought was someplace else.
Sheldon: Oh, great. Now I’m worse than a fraud. I’m practically a biologist.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Leonard:: You got to stop beating yourself up over this. I mean, you made a mistake, but it was a happy mistake.
Sheldon: There’s nothing happy about it. I’m being given credit that I don’t deserve. 
Leonard: Oh, people get things they don’t deserve all the time. Look at me with you. 
Sheldon: No, Leonard, this is going to haunt me for the rest of my life. Every science classroom, every periodic table, every textbook, this mistake will be staring back at me. Like that time you let Koothrappali wax your eyebrows. I’ve got to find a way to stop this thing.
Leonard: Buddy, I don’t think you can. I mean, once it’s out there, it’s out there. This thing is like the science equivalent of a sex tape.
Sheldon: You know, frankly, I’d prefer a sex tape.
Leonard: You don’t know what a sex tape is, do you?
Sheldon: No.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Howard: Make sure you guys get to the restaurant by eight. Bernadette’s meeting me there at eight thirty and I don’t want to blow the surprise.
Leonard: We’ll be there.
Raj: Got it. Now, uh, I have a question about the song. I was thinking at some point I could bust out a little rap.
Howard: E-Ni-Ni-Ni-Ni-No.
Raj: Come on, come on, you haven’t even heard it yet. Leonard, give me a beat.
Leonard: I will not.
Raj: Oh, please?
Howard: No, I want this to be romantic.
Raj: It will be. I don’t call anyone a ho, and the only time I use the phrase my bitch, I’m referring to you.
Voice: There he is. (General applause) 
Sheldon: Stop it. Stop celebrating me.
Voice: Woo!
Sheldon: And no woos. Oh, not you, Dr. Woo. You’re fine. I want you all to know that you have no reason to applaud me. My so-called breakthrough wasn’t the result of my genius. It was nothing more than a boneheaded mistake. So please refrain from praising me for it in the future.
Raj: Wait, I don’t understand. They didn’t find the element?
Sheldon: Oh, no, they found the element. (More applause) No, no, stop it. I don’t need to take this admiration from the likes of you people. How do I make them stop loving me?
Leonard: Invite them to live with us.
Scene: A restaurant.
Penny: Boy, Bernadette is gonna love this.
Leonard: Yeah. It must be nice to have someone do something so romantic.
Penny: Okay, you know what’s not romantic? Rubbing it in someone’s face.
Leonard: Actually, it can be, but I told you sex doesn’t count.
Howard: I’m getting worried about Bernadette. I’m gonna call and check on her.
Sheldon: The National Science Foundation wants to give me a substantial grant.
Raj: Oh, that’s a big deal.
Sheldon: I know. When will this nightmare end?
Leonard: Hey, I get that you feel bad about all the attention, but still, what you did is amazing. We’re really proud of you.
Amy: I’m not.
Sheldon: You’re not?
Amy: Sheldon, I’ve been thinking about it, and you’re right. You don’t deserve any credit. All you did was misread some numbers on a table. A very easy table, too. Honestly, I’m embarrassed for you.
Sheldon: That’s the most romantic thing I’ve ever heard.
Penny: Damn it, everyone’s better at this than me.
Sheldon: Congratulations, Dr. Fowler. You just made the fort.
Howard: Guys, there was an accident at Bernie’s lab.
Leonard: Oh, my God, is she okay?
Howard: Yeah, but she’s at the hospital in quarantine.
Penny: What?
Amy: Poor Bernadette.
Leonard: Oh, no.
Sheldon: I hate to pile on the bad news, but I just got a raise.
Scene: The hospital. 
Howard: Oh, my God, Bernie, what happened?
Bernadette: Well, let’s just say the next time you move a dozen vials of raccoon virus to the fridge, make two trips. 
Howard: You’re sure you’re okay?
Bernadette: Yeah, it’s just a precaution. If there was a problem, I’d be throwing up out of my eyeballs by now. Sorry I messed up our date.
Howard: Oh, don’t worry about it. I brought the date here. Guys, come on in.
Bernadette: What’s all this?
Howard: Well, tonight is the anniversary of our first date, and I wanted to celebrate it by writing a song for you.
Bernadette: Howie.
Amy: Sheldon, get over here.
Sheldon: She might be contagious. Don’t you think I’m having a rough enough day?
Amy: Sheldon.
Howard (singing): If I didn’t have you, life would be blue, I’d be Dr. Who without the TARDIS.
Sheldon: Is it me, or does she not look so good?
Amy: Shh.
Howard: A candle without a wick, a Watson without a Crick, I’d be one of my outfits without a dick-ie. I’d be cheese without the mac, Jobs without the Wozniak, I’d be solving exponential equations that use bases not found on your calculator making it much harder to crack. I’d be an atom without a bomb, a dot without the com, and I’d probably still live with my mom.
All: And he’d probably still live with his mom.
Howard: Ever since I met you, you turned my world around. You supported all my dreams and all my hopes. You’re like uranium-235 and I’m uranium-238, almost inseparable isotopes. I couldn’t have imagined how good my life would get from the moment that I met you Bernadette.
Bernadette: Oh, Howie.
Howard: If I didn’t have you life would be dreary, I’d be string theory without any string. I’d be binary code without a one, a cathode ray tube without an electron gun. I’d be Firefly, Buffy and Avengers without Joss Whedon. I’d speak a lot more Klingon, Heghlu’meH QaQ jajvam. 
All: And he’d definitely still live with his mom.
Howard: Ever since I met you, you turned my world around. You’re my best friend and my lover. We’re like changing electric and magnetic fields. You can’t have one without the other. I couldn’t have imagined how good my life would get from the moment that I met you, Bernadette.
All: Oh, we couldn’t have imagined how good our lives would get from the moment that we met you, Bernadette.
Bernadette: Howie, that was amazing. Look, I’m shaking.
Sheldon: She’s sick, I knew it. Bye.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Leonard: I have to say, this is the best Top Ramen you’ve ever made.
Penny: I discovered a secret ingredient. The flavour packet. That sucker is well named. All right, lover boy, get ready, ’cause there is a crap storm of romance coming your way.
Leonard: Stop it, you’re gonna make me cry. All right. You seem pretty confident.
Penny: Oh, I am. Maybe if you follow this trail, you’ll see why.
Leonard: Oh, rose petals.
Penny: Yes. The most beautiful and shockingly expensive of all the flowers.
Leonard: You made the bed? You really are pulling out all the stops.
Penny: Okay, I gave this a lot of thought, and I finally found something to show you how much I love you.
Leonard: Oh, wow.
Penny: It’s a first edition of Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy. I remember it was your favourite book growing up.
Leonard: This is great. It, thank you, it’s, so much.
Penny: What?
Leonard: Nothing. I love it.
Penny: No. Something’s going on. What’s wrong with it? I remember you saying how great it would be to have a first edition.
Leonard: It’s true, I did. I did say that. When we were at the used bookstore together and I saw the first edition and I bought it.
Penny: Oh, my God, I am the worst.
Leonard: No, no, it’s okay. It’s really thoughtful.
Penny: No, it’s not. I mean, what’s thoughtful is everything you do. Here, you know what? Look at this. Look, here’s the, the plane ticket you bought me when I was too poor to go home for the holidays. And the rose you left on my windshield just because. Here’s the, the thank-you letter you wrote me after the first time I slept with you. All 11 pages of it.
Leonard: I can’t believe you saved all this stuff.
Penny: Of course I did. It’s you.
Leonard: Come here.
Penny: Oh.
Leonard: Is that a pregnancy test?
Penny: Oh, yeah, just the first one. I didn’t save them all.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: I can’t believe I read this table wrong. I blame you.
Amy: Me? What did I do?
Sheldon: You distract me. I’ve been distracted since the moment I met you. 
Amy: Sorry.
Sheldon: Well, you should be. Because all I can think about is how much I want to kiss you. And not just on the cheek, but on the mouth. Like mommies and daddies do.
Amy: Oh, Sheldon.
Sheldon (not in Amy’s daydream, now in the Cheesecake Factory): Amy? Amy? Did you hear what I said?
Amy: Can’t talk, in the zone.
 								
			
				Scene: A supermarket
Amy: I’ve never seen him this happy before.
Leonard: That’s because you’ve never seen him on restock the medicine cabinet day.
Sheldon: Look. A new topical antihistamine with lidocaine. Wow. I can’t wait until I get a rash. 
Leonard: Oh, Gas-X has a new ultra strength. I guess they really do read their mail.
Sheldon: Hey, isn’t that Professor Proton?
Leonard: Oh, yeah.
Sheldon: Look at him, just standing in line like he wasn’t moderately famous 30 years ago. Let’s go say hello.
Leonard: Oh, maybe we shouldn’t bother him.
Sheldon: I’m not going to bother him, I’m going to talk to him.
Leonard: He thinks there’s a difference.
Sheldon: Arthur? Arthur, it’s me, Sheldon Cooper. You may not remember because of your advanced age.
Arthur: Trust me, I, I remember.
Sheldon: This is my girlfriend, Amy. Amy, this is television legend Arthur Jeffries. His science show inspired millions of children.
Arthur: Hold, hold, hold on. You, you have a girlfriend?
Amy: Yes, and I’ve heard so much about you. Hey look, we’re wearing the same orthopaedic shoes. I can’t believe I dress like a celebrity.
Arthur: Oh, okay, I get it now.
Leonard: Dr. Jeffries, hello again. Leonard Hofstadter.
Arthur: Oh, oh, right, I remember your, your girlfriend. Is, is she, is she here?
Leonard: No, she’s not.
Sheldon: So, what prescription are you getting filled?
Leonard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: No. Wait, I want to guess. Don’t tell me.
Arthur: I wasn’t going to tell you.
Amy: Sheldon, come on.
Sheldon: No, no, no. I’m really good at this. All right, give me a hint. Does it involve difficulty initiating a stream of anything?
Arthur: Well, given my age, that’s more than just a lucky guess.
Leonard: Hey, Sheldon, let’s go mock the people buying homeopathic medicine, you love that.
Sheldon: But I’m hanging out with my friend, and we’re having fun. Look how happy he is.
Credits sequence. 
The cafeteria.
Howard: Bernie’s having a girls’ night on Friday at our place. You want to do something?
Raj: Actually, I’m busy.
Howard: Doing what?
Raj: There’s a new sports bar over on Colorado Ave…
Howard: You’re going to girls’ night.
Raj: Yeah.
Howard: You know they’re making jewellery right?
Raj: You think they came up with that? They were going to drink beer and play darts.
Leonard: What’s up?
Howard: Not his testosterone levels.
Raj: Excuse me. I happen to be very comfortable with my masculinity.
Howard: How is that possible?
Leonard: Hey, I got an email from Professor Proton.
Sheldon: Goody. What’s it say?
Leonard: He’s working on a paper about nano vacuum tubes, and wants to know if I’d take a look at it.
Sheldon: That’s strange. That he would come to you for that and not me. Oh, I got two emails from him. Do you have Leonard’s email address? And. Never mind, I found it. I can’t believe he picked you over me.
Howard: You don’t want to read a paper by some old has-been who hasn’t done any real science in decades.
Raj: Yeah, it’s nothing to cry about.
Sheldon: Sheldon Cooper does not cry.
Howard: It’s true, you’d rust.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: And to think I idolized that man. And why? At the end of the day he’s just another Hollywood phony.
Amy: Is it really worth getting upset about?
Sheldon: Yeah, they say don’t meet your heroes. Don’t peek behind that curtain of fame and celebrity, because if you do, you’ll see them as they really are, degenerate carnival folk.
Amy: Come on, he’s a retired kids show host.
Sheldon: That’s even worse. Using the sweet candy of science to trick children into loving him. Pervert.
Amy: Have you ever thought about why Arthur didn’t want you to read his paper?
Sheldon: Yes, I have. And my only conclusion is the prescription he was picking up the other day was for cuckoo pills.
Amy: Maybe he found you, um, a bit much.
Sheldon: That’s kind of a stretch. Look, when it comes to social skills, I’ve mastered the big three. There’s the coy smile. There’s the friendly chuckle. There’s the vocalization of sympathy. Aw. That last one’s tricky, I’m still working on it.
Amy: From what I saw the other day, I could understand why he and some people might find you…
Sheldon: What?
Amy: Doesn’t matter.
Sheldon: No, go ahead, say it. I know what it is. I’ve heard it my whole life. The word’s annoying. Go ahead, say it. Say it. Say I’m annoying.
Amy: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, it won’t hurt my feelings. Go ahead, Amy, say I’m annoying. I’m annoying. I’m annoying. I’m annoying. Yeah, now, uh, now where are you going? Look, you know you want to say it, say it. Say I’m annoying. Go ahead, say it. Say it. Say it. Amy, say it. Well, she can’t stand it when I’m right.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment. 
Amy: This is fun. I’m going to feel like such a vixen wearing jewellery that doesn’t have a list of medications I’m allergic to.
Raj: Penny, how’s it going over there?
Penny: Good, I’m just having little trouble with the glue.
Amy: How do you not know how to use glue? Did you ditch pre-school?
Penny: Yeah, but only because I was dating a second grader.
Howard: Hello, everyone.
Raj: Okay, let me have it. Let’s hear all the Raj is a girl jokes.
Howard: Nope. Bernadette told me it isn’t nice and I’m not allowed.
Raj: Thank you.
Howard: So I won’t be making fun of you, or the things you like, or the fact that you just want to have fu-un.
Bernadette: Howie, stop. Come on, look at what I’m making.
Howard: Oh, that’s actually pretty nice.
Amy: I’m making a bracelet.
Penny: Yeah, I’m just making a mess.
Howard: You know, instead of beads and glue, you guys can use my soldering iron. You’d be able to make much cooler stuff.
Raj: Oh, I think we’re doing just fine, thank you.
Amy: Actually, I’d kind of like to try that.
Bernadette: Me, too.
Howard: Be right back.
Penny: When did I have pistachios?
Scene: Professor Proton’s house. 
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Arthur. (Knock, knock, knock) Arthur. (Knock, knock, knock) Arthur. Door knocker. That’s TV money.
Arthur: Sheldon, what are you doing here?
Sheldon: I’m sorry, did I wake you?
Arthur: Of course you woke me, it’s seven thirty.
Sheldon: Well, I would have been here sooner, but for some reason your home isn’t on this map of Hollywood stars.
Arthur: What do you want, Sheldon?
Sheldon: It’s been pointed out by my girlfriend that I may have been annoying to you.
Arthur: She sounds like a keeper.
Sheldon: Anyway, I wanted to apologize. I am truly sorry.
Arthur: All right, apology accepted. Have a nice night.
Sheldon: No, no, now that we’ve cleared the air, I wanted to discuss another matter with you.
Arthur: Sheldon, in a couple hours I have to get up, pee and then wander around the house.
Sheldon: Well, then, I’ll make this quick. Um, I want to talk about the paper you sent Leonard. Now, I know he said it’s promising and he’s going to collaborate on it, but now that you and I are friends again, I am at your disposal. And, um, frankly, lending my name and reputation to it will help, because a lot of people think that you’re a washed-up has-been. Or dead.
Arthur: I should be so lucky.
Sheldon: So, uh, what do you say?
Arthur: You know, if it’s all the same with you, I, I think I’ll, I’ll stick with Leonard.
Sheldon: It’s because I’m annoying, right? I know it is. Say it. Say it. Say I’m annoying. 
Arthur: Good night.
Sheldon: Say it. Arthur, say it. Say I’m annoying. Say it. Say it. I’m annoying. Say it. 
Arthur: You’re annoying.
Sheldon: Well, that really hurt. 
Scene: Leonard’s laboratory. 
Leonard: If you would have told me when I was a kid that someday I would be doing science next to Professor Proton, I would not have believed you.
Arthur: If someone had told me that people would still call me Professor Proton when I was 83 years old, I never would have quit smoking.
Leonard: I’m sorry, Dr. Jeffries, I’m just excited. This nano vacuum tube idea of yours is, it’s really interesting.
Sheldon: Hello, Leonard. Oh, hello, Arthur. What an odd coincidence that you’re both here.
Leonard: Why is it odd?
Sheldon: Because as it just so happens, I’m also spending the day with a beloved children’s television science personality. Isn’t that right, new friend and colleague Bill Nye the Science Guy. Sorry, I replaced you with a newer model.
Bill Nye: Wow, Arthur Jeffries. It’s an honour to meet you. My show never would have happened without yours.
Arthur: That’s what I told my lawyers.
Leonard: Mr. Nye, hello. I’m sorry he got you involved in this nonsense.
Bill: He said I’d be speaking to a class.
Sheldon: No, I said you were teaching someone a lesson. Now let’s go.
Bill: What are you guys working on?
Leonard: Oh, uh, we’re making nano vacuum tubes.
Bill: Oh, that’s interesting.
Arthur: Haven’t you stolen enough from me? Back off, bow tie.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Penny: Hey, guys, what do you think?
Amy: Wow, Penny, good job.
Penny: Thanks. Target, four ninety-nine. I’m getting a drink.
Amy: What are you working on?
Raj: Ah, I’m making a necklace for my mom. 
Amy: That’s sweet.
Raj: Yeah, she and my dad are going through a bit of a rough patch, so I wanted to do something to let her know I was thinking about her.
Penny: What’s going on with them?
Raj: They’re just having a little trouble communicating. My dad says it’s because the sound of my mom’s voice makes him want to tear his ears off and sew them over his eyes so he never has to look at her again.
Bernadette: Hi.
Penny: Hey, guys.
Amy: Hello.
Howard: Look who’s here to put the Jew in jewellery night.
Bernadette: Oh, sure, so it’s fine when you say it.
Howard: Sorry we’re late. I wanted to swing by the lab and pick up some even cooler tools for us to use.
Raj: I didn’t know you were coming again.
Howard: Well, last week was a blast. Plus, I thought you might like having a guy here. 
Penny (laughing): It was not funny.
Amy: So, what tools did you bring?
Howard: Everything we need to make jewellery moulds. Here’s some silver, a crucible and an acetylene torch to melt it down.
Penny: Ooh, that looks like fun.
Bernadette: Maybe you should master glue before you move on to fire.
Howard: Okay, who’s up first?
Amy: Rajesh, do you want to make a bracelet for your mom to go with the necklace?
Raj: No, thanks.
Howard: I was gonna make a necklace for my mom, but unfortunately she doesn’t have a neck. She’s just chins and fat and feet.
Scene: Leonard’s laboratory.
Leonard: Okay, we’re almost ready to go. Once we bond the wires, we can test the tubes.
Arthur: This is so exciting, I, I feel like I’m 75 again.
Leonard: Oh, God.
Arthur: What, what is it?
Leonard: Sheldon just sent me a picture of him and Bill Nye getting smoothies.
Arthur: Can, can I ask you a question?
Leonard: Yeah, sure.
Arthur: Why do you put up with Sheldon?
Leonard: Oh, uh, you know, because we’re friends.
Arthur: Why?
Leonard: Wow, you ask really hard questions.
Arthur: Yeah.
Leonard: Look, I know he can be aggravating, but what you have to remember is that he’s not doing it on purpose. It’s just how he is. But he’s also loyal and trustworthy and we have fun together.
Arthur: You, you know you’re describing a dog.
Leonard: He did bite me once. But in his defence, I came up behind him while he was eating, so…
Arthur: Yeah, they, they hate that.
Leonard: You know what, Sheldon is the smartest person I have ever met. And he’s a little broken and he needs me. I guess I need him, too.
Arthur: Why, why is that?
Leonard: Boy, you will not let this go, will you? Oh, jeez.
Arthur: Another photo from Sheldon?
Leonard: No, I have to go pick him up. Bill Nye ditched him at the smoothie place.
Arthur: He probably stole his wallet, too.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Howard: You know, if you guys are interested, there’s a technique where I can take a lock of your hair, refine it into carbon dust and use the hydraulic press at work to turn it into a tiny little diamond with your DNA in it.
Penny: Oh, that’s amazing,
Howard: Yeah. See Bernie’s engagement ring? That came right off my mom’s back.
Bernadette: He’s kidding. If that were true, it’d be so much bigger.
Raj: My name is Howard. I can make your hair into diamonds. My mom is morbidly obese. Everybody love me.
Howard: Whoa, where is that coming from?
Raj: I’ll tell you where it’s coming from. All you do is make fun of me for coming to girls’ night and now you’re here ruining it for everyone.
Penny: Raj, cool it, he’s gonna make us hair diamonds.
Howard: How am I ruining anything? I’m just trying to help you make better jewellery.
Raj: But this isn’t about the jewellery. This is about me having a place where I can open up about my feelings.
Howard: Since when can’t you open up with me?
Raj: There are just some things that I feel more comfortable sharing with the girls, because they won’t make fun of me or and call me names, or ask me if my Koothrapanties are in a bunch.
Howard: Buddy, I was just joking around. 
Raj: Yeah, well, sometimes your jokes hurt. 
Howard: You’re right. I didn’t realize I was making you feel that way. It was very brave of you to tell me.
Raj: Thank you. It wasn’t easy.
Amy: They’re gonna have sex before Sheldon and I do, I know it.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Arthur?
Arthur: Hi, Sheldon.
Sheldon: I’m surprised to see you here.
Arthur: Yeah, me, too. Somewhere around the third floor I began to see a, a white light.
Sheldon: I’ll get Leonard.
Arthur: No, no, no, I’m, I’m here, I’m here to see you.
Sheldon: If you’re hoping to get in touch with Bill Nye, I can’t help you. I’ve been informed that he’s now Bill Nye the Restraining Order Guy.
Arthur: No, I, I, I was thinking, if it isn’t too much trouble, I’d like to get your opinion about my, my paper.
Sheldon: Thank you. It would be an honour.
Arthur: Oh. Uh, great.
Sheldon: Actually, I don’t need that. I hacked into your e-mail account and read it.
Arthur: And, what did you think?
Sheldon: Well, first, I think the fact that you use your birthday as a password is embarrassing. 
Arthur: Mmm. Thank you.
Sheldon: Second, um, I thought your paper was inspired. 
Arthur: Oh, well, that, that means a lot to me.
Sheldon: Can I invite you in for tea?
Arthur: Uh, no, no. I, I really, I have, I have to run.
Penny: Hey, Arthur. How are you?
Arthur: Well, I guess one cup wouldn’t hurt.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: Oh, hey, buddy, what’s up?
Raj: Well, I was feeling bad about how I acted the other night so I made you a little something.
Howard: You didn’t have to do that.
Raj: Well, it was fun. I used some of the jewellery techniques you taught us. It’s a lightsabre belt buckle.
Howard: Wow, this is so cool. Thanks.
Raj: Oh gets better.
Howard: Wow.
Raj: And that’s not even the best part. See? I have one, too. Check it out. You can wear yours and we can have little sword fights whenever we want.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Yeah, and my eighth favourite episode of Professor Proton was Alka-Seltzer rocket. You said, plop, plop, fizz, fizz, oh, what a blast-off it is. Remember? Remember that? Remember?
Leonard: He can’t help it. He can’t. He really can’t.
Sheldon: Oh, wait here. I’ll get some Alka-Seltzer, we can build that rocket, and we can shoot it at Bill Nye’s house. As long as I’m not within 500 feet of it.
Arthur: So, you, uh, you have, you have any, single grandmothers?
Penny: Sorry, they’re both married.
Arthur: Good.
Penny: Mmm.
Arthur: Hap, hap, happily?
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment
Penny: Hey, can I ask you a question?
Leonard: Sure.
Penny: You’ve had this dart board since I’ve known you, but I’ve never seen you play.
Leonard: Oh, uh, we played, once. I broke a window.
Penny: What window?
Leonard: That one over there.
Sheldon: Leonard, where are the Skee-Ball tickets?
Leonard: Skee-Ball tickets?
Sheldon: Yeah, from when we went to the arcade three years ago? I finally decided what prize I want. Hurry up.
Leonard: Uh, if I still have them, they’re probably in the junk box.
Penny: Ooh, what are you gonna get?
Sheldon: None of your business. But when you see me wearing a flower in my lapel later, you are most welcome to sniff it.
Leonard: Yup, oh, here you go.
Sheldon: Oh, thank you. Here, get yourself an eraser for your troubles.
Leonard: Oh. I forgot about this. My aunt made it for me when I started college.
Penny: Aw, did she hate you?
Leonard: Why? Because I got an ugly, itchy sweater, and my brother got a car? No, I was her favorite.
Sheldon: I seem to be a few tickets short. Are there more in the box?
Leonard: Hmm, I think I got them all. Nope, they’re not in there.
Sheldon: Well, you barely looked. Let me see.
Leonard: No, no, no, I, I looked, and there’s, there’s, there’s no more tickets.
Sheldon: Leonard, let me look in the box.
Leonard: Okay, okay. I’m gonna show you what’s in the box. But just promise not to flip out.
Sheldon: Why would I flip out? Is it a spider? It’s a spider.
Penny: No, if it was a spider, Lenny would’ve flipped out.
Leonard: Okay, Sheldon, I know I was supposed to return this DVD a long time ago, and I know we rented it on your card. But it’s been, like, seven years and clearly nothing bad has happened. So in-in-in-instead of being a giant pain in the ass like you always are, what if this one time you just tried staying calm?
Sheldon: That seems like a reasonable request. Although so did, hey, Leonard, would you mind returning that DVD?
Leonard: I’m sorry. I’ll, I’ll take care of it.
Sheldon: Okay.
Leonard: I mean it, I’m going to.
Sheldon: I believe you.
Leonard: And you’re going to stay calm?
Sheldon: I said I would.
Leonard: How about that? Sheldon’s being reasonable.
Penny: Yeah, it’s freaking me out. I’m gonna go.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: So, when you say you’re not going to freak out about the DVD, here’s what that means. Don’t fixate on it. Don’t wake me up in the middle of the night. Or nag me through the door while I’m on the toilet.
Sheldon: Okay, first, talking to you while you’re on the toilet isn’t exactly a picnic for me either, okay? Remember, when you can hear me, I can hear you. And second, you completely disregard how uncomfortable unresolved issues are for me. It’s, it’s like, a, an itch in my brain I can’t scratch.
Leonard: When I broke my arm I used to stick a coat hanger down there. You ever try that? Maybe go in through the ear?
Sheldon: You wouldn’t make jokes if you could feel the way I feel.
Leonard: Well, I don’t know how to do that.
Sheldon: How about this? I promise I won’t pester you about the DVD. You can defecate in peace. That’s a win for both of us. But, until this matter is resolved, I would like you to wear this sweater. With nothing underneath it.
Leonard: That’s stupid. Why?
Sheldon: You say it’s itchy and uncomfortable. I say situations like this make me feel the same way. 
Leonard: I’m telling you, try the hanger.
Sheldon: Put it on. Let’s share the experience.
Leonard: You got it. If this sweater shuts you up, I’m gonna make a fortune selling them to everyone we know. Now all I need to do is head down to the video store and return the DVD.
Sheldon: Oh, did I forget to tell you? That store went out of business years ago.
Leonard: Really?
Sheldon: How those nipples feeling, chief?
Scene: The cheesecake factory bar.
Bernadette: Penny, can we please get our drinks?
Penny: Yeah, hang on, just give me sec.
Amy: At work today, I did an in vivo stereotaxic surgery.
Bernadette: Cool. At my lab, I performed ten laser capture micro-dissections.
Penny: I scraped gum off the bottom of that table. Only ’cause my manager saw me put it there.
Amy: Oh, my gosh. That’s the girl that broke Rajesh’s heart.
Bernadette: That’s Lucy?
Penny: I don’t know why but I always pictured her as Indian.
Bernadette: I think that reason’s called racism.
Penny: I’m gonna go talk to her.
Bernadette: Why? What are you gonna say?
Penny: I’m not gonna say anything. I just want to check her out. Because she hurt my friend. My Indian friend. Who’s racist now?
Bernadette: You because you just called him your Indian friend.
Penny: Yeah, well, you’re short.
Amy: We’re never getting our drinks.
Bernadette: No, but we knew that.
Penny: Hey, can I start you off with something to drink?
Lucy: Oh, water would be great.
Penny: Okay. Um, you’re Lucy, right? I’m a friend of Raj Koothrappali’s. Actually Amy recognized you.
Lucy: Wow. How’s he doing?
Penny: Oh, you know, he’s good.
Lucy: Great.
Penny: Yeah, this is none of my business. But why did you break up with him in an e-mail?
Lucy: Oh, I don’t know. I guess I thought it would be easier.
Penny: Yeah, I get that. I’ll go get you your water. When you say easier, you mean easier for you, right? ‘Cause it certainly didn’t make it easier for him.
Lucy: Any chance I can get a different waitress?
Penny: I’m sorry, this is rude of me. I will go get that water. See, see, see, see. Just now you expressed your feelings to my face. How come you could do that with me, but not Raj?
Lucy: I don’t know your e-mail.
Penny: You know what the worst part is? You’re sitting here, perfectly happy and he’s at home, a blubbering mess.
Lucy: Oh, I thought you said he was okay.
Penny: Well, I also said I was getting you water, but look at me still standing here. You know, I may be a bad waitress, but you are a bad person. Now, you want to hear the specials?
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: So, you can never take it off?
Leonard: No.
Raj: Not even to sleep?
Leonard: No.
Howard: So, you’re just an idiot?
Leonard: It’s called proving a point.
Howard: Is the point that you’re an idiot?
Sheldon: Gentlemen, please. Leonard is trying to walk a mile in my metaphorical shoes. He can’t walk in my actual shoes. He has the feet of a toddler.
Raj: So, how are you gonna return the DVD if the store went out of business?
Leonard: Monday morning I’ll go downtown, look up the owner’s information and send him the DVD. Pay the late fee, and prove to Sheldon that you can have a problem and solve it without acting like a complete lunatic. Ah!
Howard: And the man impersonating a bear would like everyone to know that only you can prevent forest fires.
Raj: I don’t get it.
Howard: You didn’t have Smokey the Bear in India?
Raj: No. Oh, is he anything like, uh, Mun-Mun the Mongoose? He taught us not to play with cobras.
Howard: You had to be taught not to play with cobras?
Raj: You had to be taught not to burn down the forest?
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Hey, if you guys were hungry, why didn’t you order something at the restaurant?
Bernadette: We did, you never brought it.
Penny: Oh, that’s right. Nachos and a turkey club.
Amy: Not even close.
Penny: Well, I was too busy standing up for my friend to worry about your, I want to say salmon.
Amy: You want to say sorry.
Bernadette: So, how are you gonna tell Raj abut what you did?
Penny: What do you mean how? What’s the big deal?
Amy: You told Lucy he was a pathetic mess.
Bernadette: Then you made her cry and leave.
Penny: Okay, you guys are overreacting. Raj is gonna appreciate how I had his back.
Scene: The same, later.
Raj: What is wrong with you, Penny? You ruined any chance I had of getting back with Lucy. Now she knows I’m a desperate mess instead of just being pretty sure. (Phone text sound) It’s Lucy. She wants to meet for coffee. I love you, Penny.
Scene: Sheldon’s office.
Howard: Hey, what’re you working on?
Sheldon: I’m thinking about how one could use the fact that a rapidly rotating mirror turns virtual photons into real ones as a method of observing dark energy.
Howard: That’s a pretty cool idea.
Sheldon: Yeah. It’s great you’re here. I’d love to get an engineer’s opinion.
Howard: Sure.
Sheldon: This chair is squeaky. Now, do I fix it or get a new one?
Leonard: Well, Sheldon, it took me all morning, but I found the owner of the video store. And I am happy to report that he died peacefully in his sleep, drunk at the bottom of a pool. Anyway, there is no one to return the DVD to, so this issue is resolved. Ah! And I’d just like to point out that even though the sweater was uncomfortable, I didn’t use it as an excuse to antagonize everyone around me.
Howard: You know, you could reimburse the video store owner’s next of kin.
Leonard: Or it’s resolved.
Sheldon: Hey, that next of kin thing sounds pretty good.
Howard: I believe this is yours.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Raj: Can I ask you guys a question? So, I’m seeing Lucy tomorrow night, and I’ve never hung out with someone who broke up with me. How do you do it?
Howard: You can’t let her know you’re hurting. You know, the key is confidence.
Raj: Why is the key always confidence? How come it’s never love handles and flop sweat?
Bernadette: If this girl hurt you so much, are you sure you want to see her again?
Howard: Well, if I may, he has so little self-respect and is so desperate for the smallest crumb of affection, she could literally sleep with his own father in his own bed and post the video to YouTube, and he’d still buy her flowers and ask her to be his bride.
Raj: He’s right. But in my defence, if we could survive that, we could survive anything.
Bernadette: Well, if you’re sure you want to do this, it’s only coffee, just relax and see what happens.
Raj: Well, can I say she looks nice?
Bernadette: Sure.
Raj: Can I tell her I miss her?
Bernadette: Maybe, if she asks.
Raj: Oh, can I show her an oil painting I made of us surrounded by our children and grandchildren?
Bernadette: I’d save that for the second date.
Raj: Good, good. ‘Cause no matter how hard I try, I cannot get the twins to look alike.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: What are you doing?
Leonard: Oh, I’m just trying to find the stupid next of kin to this stupid video store owner so I can return the DVD and see the look on Sheldon’s stupid face when he sees that I didn’t let this get to me.
Penny: Sheldon’s not here. Why don’t you take the sweater off?
Leonard: There’s a principle at stake.
Penny: Which is?
Leonard: Oh, I don’t know. Who cares? Look at me.
Penny: Oh, my God! Is that sweater made of bees? Come on, take it off. I won’t tell.
Leonard: No, no, honey, if I take it off, Sheldon wins.
Penny: Sweetie, every night you don’t kill him in his sleep, he wins.
Leonard: No, it’s, it’s almost done. I just, I have to find the next of kin, and send ’em the DVD and then just wait for someone with my complexion to die so I can get a skin graft.
Penny: Smile.
Leonard: What is that? What is that for?
Penny: So you can send it to Princeton and get your money back.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: I must say, Sheldon, you’re handling this DVD business with an impressive amount of maturity.
Sheldon: I don’t know why that surprises you. I’m a grown man. As should be evident by this sport coat and very real flower in my lapel.
Amy: Is there some kind of new coping mechanism you’re employing?
Sheldon: The more interesting question you should be asking is, what does this flower smell like?
Amy: I’m gonna go with sad. So what’s the story with you and this DVD?
Sheldon: There’s nothing to tell. Maybe I purchased a book entitled Don’t Sweat the Small Stuff and I followed its wise suggestions, one of which was stop and smell the flowers.
Amy: Seriously?
Sheldon: Please. Ha-ha, Oh.
Scene: A coffee shop.
Lucy: Hi.
Raj: Hello. Oh, it’s so good to see you.
Lucy: You, too.
Raj: Please, sit. I, uh, I got you a cappuccino. I remembered it was your favourite. I also got crumb cake, but I remembered it was my favourite and I ate it. Anyway, uh, how are you?
Lucy: I’m pretty good. Listen, I just wanted to apologize for breaking up with you in an e-mail.
Raj: Well, and I ate all the crumb cake. We both made mistakes.
Lucy: Okay.
Raj: I’m so happy you asked me here, and I hope we can hang out again sometime. You know, as friends, lovemaking partners, whatever.
Lucy: Oh, uh, I’m kind of seeing someone.
Raj: I think I know the answer to this, but just to be clear, it’s not me, right?
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Raj: This is all your fault, I should’ve listened to Mun-Mun because I’ve been playing with a cobra and her name is Penny. Why are you so cruel? Do you enjoy my pain?
Penny: There’s a girl at the Cheesecake Factory I can set you up with.
Raj: I love you, Penny.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: How is it I can conceptualize a methodology of examining dark matter in the universe but can’t figure out how to fix a novelty squirt flower?
Amy: I think the real question is, why do you waste your time with cheap, childish pranks?
Sheldon: There’s probably a deep reason. Which I’d be happy to discuss with you over some peanut brittle in a can.
Leonard: Okay, Sheldon, I am out of options. Video store owner, Nursis Manookian, has no next of kin.
Sheldon: Well, you seem hot under the collar, or is that the sweater?
Leonard: Oh, oh, no, no. It’s because I spent all afternoon at the Armenian church where his funeral mass was held. According to Father Solakian, no one attended. Luckily, my trip wasn’t a complete waste. I lit a candle and prayed for your death but I’m not Armenian, so it probably won’t work. This is over, right?
Sheldon: Oh, not necessarily. I suggest you look for long-lost relatives either in Armenia or Lebanon.
Leonard: Listen to me, Sheldon. I am not going to Lebanon to return Super Mario Brothers the movie.
Sheldon: You know, it might be fun. You love hummus.
Leonard: Why isn’t this bothering you? Isn’t your brain getting itchy? This is on your card. This could be ruining your credit score. Why isn’t this making you crazy?
Sheldon: Leonard, I have something to tell you, but I want you to promise not to flip out.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Seven years ago, I found out the DVD was late and I paid for it.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: I was going to mention it at the time, but then I thought, some day, this might be a teachable moment.
Leonard: Aaaah! I, you, how can, what!
Amy: Sheldon, that was diabolical.
Sheldon: I know. And it wasn’t easy. Do you have any idea what it’s like to wait for years and never know if you’re going to finally get satisfaction?
Scene: A coffee shop.
Raj: Wow. You’re even prettier than Penny said. I can’t believe a girl like you doesn’t have a boyfriend.
Girl: Well, I don’t.
Raj: I don’t believe you, you’re lying to me. 
Girl: What?
Raj: Oh, it’s okay. I have no morals and I’m desperately lonely. I’ll be the other man if you want a little something-something on the side.
Scene: The cheesecake factory.
Girl (to Penny): What is wrong with you?
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny (to Raj): What is wrong with you?
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj (to a mirror): What is wrong with you?
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: The math is all there. It’s not real.
Penny: Yes, it is.
Sheldon: Yeah,uh, look, it is scientifically impossible for a person to tip a cow. Even you, with your stocky build and lumberjack shoulders, you couldn’t do it.
Raj: It’s horrible. Why would you push a cow over? They’re sacred.
Penny: Oh, stop it. I’ve seen you eat, like, a million hamburgers.
Raj: Hey, an animal can be both sacred and delicious.
Penny: Look, I’m telling you I’ve done it, okay? I clearly remember the cow standing up and then the cow on its side.
Leonard: Were you drunk?
Penny: I was 16 in Nebraska. What do you think?
Leonard: I think you’re the one who fell over.
Penny: That would explain why the sky was also on its side.
Howard: Hey.
Penny: Howard. Cow tipping. Real or not?
Howard: Mmm. I’m gonna say not. That’s just based on me trying to roll my mom over when she’s snoring. Speaking of that big side of beef, uh, she’s invited all of you to Thanksgiving at her house.
Sheldon: Mmm. You know, I’ve been told that a bald refusal of an invitation is rude and one must instead offer up a polite excuse, so I’d love to go, but, unfortunately, that sounds awful.
Howard: Come on, it’ll be fun.
Penny: Uh, we were actually gonna do it here.
Howard: Please? Bernadette’s bringing her dad ’cause her mom’s out of town, and I never have anything to say to that guy.
Sheldon: Oh, since you put it that way, I’d love to go, but that sounds even more awful.
Leonard: It’d actually be nice to not hear Sheldon complain about my cooking all day.
Sheldon: Uh, excuse me, but every year you prepare a terrible meal and every year I criticize it. Do our traditions mean nothing to you?
Leonard: I want to go.
Penny: Yeah, me, too.
Raj: I’m in.
Howard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Ugh, fine, I’ll go. But if her food is delicious, Thanksgiving is ruined, and it’s on you.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Do we really have to go to Mrs. Wolowitz’s house?
Amy: We do. And I expect you to be on your best behaviour.
Sheldon: Now I know how the African slaves felt. Being dragged from their homes to labour under the yoke of the white man.
Amy: Are you honestly comparing Thanksgiving dinner at Wolowitz’s mom’s with one of the greatest tragedies in the history of mankind?
Sheldon: Yes.
Penny: Sheldon, you can have a nice Thanksgiving anywhere. I spent one in Vegas.
Leonard: You did?
Penny: Yeah, back when I was dating Zack. It was actually more fun than I thought. We gambled, we went to one of those cheesy wedding chapels, we had a really good turkey dinner. Which was surprising, since we were at a strip club.
Leonard: Wait, you went to a chapel?
Penny: Yeah. 
Leonard: Why? 
Penny: We had one of those silly fake weddings.
Leonard: Penny, you know those are real, right?
Penny: No, they’re not.
Leonard: Yeah, they are.
Penny: No, they’re not.
Leonard: Yeah, they are.
Sheldon: He’s right.
Amy: They’re real.
Penny: But it didn’t seem real.
Sheldon: Let me ask you a question. At any point, was Las Vegas on its side?
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Bernadette: Hi, Dad.
Mike: Hi, honey.
Bernadette: Oh, you brought beer for everybody.
Mike: Uh, okay, yeah, it’s for everybody. I really just wanted to have a nice, quiet day at home and watch the game.
Bernadette: You can have a quiet day and watch the game here.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard, the medicine’s not working.
Howard (off): You just took it. At least let it reach your first stomach. (entering) Hey, Mike. Let me help you out, there.
Mike: Thanks. What’s wrong with your mom?
Howard: Oh, her gout’s flaring up. Turns out an apple pie a day does not keep the doctor away.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): How can one little toe hurt so bad? 
Howard: Maybe because that little piggy is being crushed by the barn. She should quiet down soon. I gave her enough pain meds to choke a, well, her.
Bernadette: I guess we’re gonna have to do all the cooking.
Howard: I have a better idea.
Bernadette: If you think you’re gonna make me do all this by myself, you’re crazy.
Howard: I was gonna make Raj do it all by himself.
Bernadette: Oh, well, that’s a great idea.
Scene: Leonard’s car. 
Amy: No traffic, we’re sailing.
Sheldon: Yes. Like we’re on a ship. Coming from Africa to America.
Amy: Sheldon, that’s completely inappropriate. You can’t keep comparing yourself to a slave.
Sheldon: Yes, Miss Amy.
Leonard: I can’t believe you’re married to that idiot.
Penny: Ugh, would you stop? We just did it as a goof.
Leonard: Well, a goof or not, you’re actually married. You need to get this taken care of.
Penny: I will. Why are you making this such a big deal?
Sheldon: Oh, oh, oh, I have a reason. It could be because you said yes to marrying Zack, but every time Leonard’s proposed, he’s gotten a resounding no. Yeah, that’s just off the top of my head.
Penny: So how do I undo this?
Leonard: I’m hoping you can get an annulment. It’s just like it never happened.
Penny: Great, well, what do I have to do?
Amy: It says here you can get an annulment if any of the following conditions are met. Were you unable to consummate the marriage?
Sheldon: Hah!Penny? Next.
Amy: Is there any evidence of fraud, bigamy, want of understanding?
Penny: Want of understanding? What does that even mean?
Amy: Ding, ding, ding. We have a winner.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s kitchen.
Bernadette: Thanks for saving the day.
Raj: Ah, no problem. It wouldn’t be Thanksgiving without an Indian providing the food. Uh, now, where does your mom keep the Crisco?
Howard: Um, I don’t know. Probably in a wad in her cheek.
Bernadette: I’ll help Raj in here. Why don’t you go keep my dad company?
Howard: He doesn’t want me in there. I’m the creepy little guy who has sex with his daughter.
Bernadette: Don’t be silly, he loves you.
Howard: Does he?
Bernadette: Okay, he cares about you a lot.
Howard: Really?
Scene: The living room.
Bernadette: I do crap for you all the time. Get out there.
Howard: So your wife’s in Arizona with the grandkids?
Mike: Uh-huh.
Howard: You know, my mom’s been to Arizona. She rode one of those mules down in the Grand Canyon. Long story short, they had to shoot it. ‘Cause she’s so fat. I’ll get the door while you finish laughing. Hey, guys.
Amy: Happy Thanksgiving.
Sheldon: It smells wonderful. Is anyone slaving away in the kitchen? Because I, too, know…
Amy: Sheldon.
Penny: Here. Thank you for having us.
Howard: What’s with you?
Leonard: Oh, she’s mad at me because she just found out she’s married to Zack.
Howard: Really? That dumb-ass she used to date? That’s hysterical.
Penny: I can’t believe I felt bad for opening this in the car.
Scene: The kitchen.
Amy: You need any help?
Raj: Uh, yeah, can you, uh, reach that, uh, gravy boat up there?
Amy: Uh, sure.
Raj: Great. That makes one of you. Okay, we have a lot to do and not much time to do it. Bernadette, you’re on corn, gravy and yam detail. Amy, you’re on rolls, cranberries and making sure Bernadette stays away from the marshmallows. That’s right, I see you. Okay, if you have any questions, I’ll be over here basting my ass off. Focus is key.
Amy: Did you guys know Penny married Zack three years ago?
Together: What?
Scene: The living room.
Howard: You ever play football?
Mike: A little in college. You?
Howard: No. But I did get tackled in the hallway once. The whole school cheered.
Leonard: Okay, I found the, uh, court papers that you and Zack need to fill out. I’ll print them when we get home.
Penny: Fine.
Leonard: And we can just put this whole thing behind us.
Penny: Are you done?
Leonard: What?
Penny: Look, I get it, I screwed up. Is this all we’re gonna talk about the rest of the day?
Leonard: Why are you mad at me? You’re the one that did the stupid thing. I’m just trying to fix it.
Penny: Ugh, I need some air.
Leonard: Wuh, Penny.
Sheldon: I don’t know the first thing about women, but I would not follow her.
Mike: Listen to Stretch.
Leonard: How am I the bad guy? She’s the one who married someone else. I’m the victim.
Howard: Sounds like Zack’s the victim. You’re sleeping with his wife.
Mike: I’ve kept my marriage together for 35 years. Can I weigh in here?
Leonard: Sure.
Mike: I’m trying to watch the game. Shut up. Oh, how do you not make a first down there?
Sheldon: They passed against a nickel defence. They should have run it off-tackle.
Mike: How the hell do you know that?
Sheldon: My father loved football. He always made me watch it before I was allowed to do my homework.
Penny: Well, you’ll be happy to know I just spoke to Zack and he’s willing to sign the court papers. He’s on his way here now.
Leonard: Wait, you invited him here?
Penny: Yeah. 
Mike: I’m getting ready to weigh in again.
Leonard: Come on.
Mike: What do you think they ought to do now?
Sheldon: I would throw a quick slant to a wideout, given that the defence is showing blitz.
Howard: Oh, I love a good blitz, especially with sour cream. Get it? ‘Cause it sounds like blintz.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Did someone say blintz?
Scene: The dining room.
Leonard: I just don’t understand why you invited him here today.
Penny: Because you wouldn’t shut up about it. When I called him, he had nothing to do, so I just thought it would…
Raj: Hey, guys, I’m trying to cook in here.
Penny: Oh, sorry. We’ll keep it down.
Raj: No, no, speak up. I’m about to use the blender, and I don’t want to miss anything.
Leonard: Well, you might have to cook for one more because she invited Zack.
Bernadette: What?
Amy: Ooh!
Raj: My, my. The plot, like my gravy, thickens.
Scene: The living room.
Sheldon: I don’t care for your mother’s bathroom. There’s not an angle to do one’s business without a clown figurine staring at you.
Howard: That’s why I sit.
Mike: Yeah, that’s why. You remember the Thanksgiving game when it snowed in Dallas?
Sheldon: 1993. Leon Lett blew the game in the final seconds and the Dolphins emerged victorious. Then I finally got to do my calculus.
Mike: I was so pissed, I wanted to shoot my TV.
Sheldon: So was my dad. And then he did.
Howard: Anyone need a beer?
Mike: Yeah.
Howard: Thank God.
Mike: So, does your dad still live in Texas?
Sheldon: No. He died when I was 14.
Mike: I’m sorry to hear that.
Sheldon: So was the man who owned the local liquor store. He cried and cried.
Howard: Here you go.
Mike: Oh, thanks. So, if your dad died when you were 14, you were never old enough to have a beer with the man.
Sheldon: No, sir. He did try to give me one for my high school graduation, but I was 11 and my mom said no.
Mike: Well, you’re having one with me.
Sheldon: All right.
Mike: To your dad.
Howard: I never had a beer with my dad, either.
Sheldon: Do you mind? We’re having a moment here.
Scene: The kitchen.
Amy: I can’t believe Penny’s married to Zack.
Raj: Wonder what she saw in that guy.
Bernadette: I don’t know. He’s sweet, he’s tall, handsome. 
Amy: Broad shoulders, good hair.
Raj: Hmm. Wonder what she sees in Leonard.
Bernadette: How’s it going out there?
Howard: Sheldon and your dad are bonding and completely ignoring me.
Amy: I know how you feel. Sheldon ignored me for a week when he got that Roomba vacuum. I kick it when he’s not looking.
Bernadette: What are they doing?
Howard: They’re drinking beer and watching football. 
Bernadette: So why don’t you do that with them?
Howard: They don’t want me.
Bernadette: What do you mean?
Howard: Well, Sheldon started talking about how his dad isn’t alive any more, and they were toasting, and I tried to tell them about how sad I was when my dad abandoned…
Amy: Zack’s here!
Raj: Stir the gravy. 
Bernadette: Sorry. I really want to hear how sad you are. I’ll be back in like five, ten minutes.
Scene: The dining room.
Leonard: Sorry she made you come over here on a holiday.
Zack: It’s all right. I didn’t have anything going on. Plus, Penny told me we’re married, and Thanksgiving’s a time to be with family.
Penny: Yeah, okay, great. Can we just get this over with?
Leonard: Yeah, uh, you guys have to sign here and here. On Monday, we’ll file for the annulment, and this marriage will be over.
Penny: Okay.
Zack: I don’t know if I want to sign it.
Raj, Bernadette and Amy: Ooh.
Leonard: Why won’t you sign it?
Zack: I just think splitting up can be rough on kids.
Penny: We don’t have any kids.
Zack: Are you sure? ‘Cause you didn’t know we were married until this morning.
Penny: Okay, look, Zack, come on. You know neither of us thought this was real. I mean, we were married by an Elvis impersonator.
Zack: Of course it was an impersonator. We could never afford a real Elvis.
Leonard: You married him instead of me? Good call. Sign the papers.
Penny: Hang on. You know what? You have been a jerk about this all day. You always do this, whenever I mess up, you’re right there to make me feel even worse about it.
Leonard: That is not true.
Penny: Yeah, we could’ve waited till Monday, signed the papers, this all would have been over.
Leonard: You’re the one who invited him here.
Penny: Oh, there you go again, just another mistake you’re throwing in my face.
Zack: Not cool, bro. I’m starting to think you’re not the kind of guy I want dating my wife.
Leonard: Yeah, well, she’s not gonna be your wife for long.
Zack: Oh, no. Are you dying?
Penny: I’m about to. Sign the paper.
Zack: Know what they say, happy wife, happy life. Let’s eat.
Scene: The living room.
Sheldon (burping): Two, three, eight, four, six. (Normal) That’s all I can do without throwing up.
Mike: That is not what I expected when you said you were gonna burp pie.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Did somebody say pie?
Mike: I don’t know what’s scarier, the bathroom clowns or the woman that put them there.
Sheldon: All I know is you can only fit one of her in a car. And there’s the clown that came out of her. I really didn’t want to come here, but this is shaping up to be one of the best Thanksgivings I’ve had in a long time.
Mike: Me, too.
Bernadette: Hey. Howie says you’ve been making fun of him all day. Now, both of you apologize right now.
Sheldon: She’s so tiny. It’s funny when she’s mad.
Amy: All right, mister, I think you owe Howard and Bernadette an apology.
Sheldon: Perhaps you’re right. I’m sorry for my behaviour. I’ve had alcohol, and it’s caused me to be inappropriate.
Bernadette: It’s okay.
Howard: Don’t worry about it.
Amy: Thank you.
Sheldon: Ain’t she great? 
Mike: Mmm.
Amy: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Now, how’s about you get us a couple of beers?
Scene: The dining room.
Bernadette: Thanks again for cooking.
Amy: Yeah, everything was delicious.
Raj: Well, I couldn’t have done it without my two favourite girls. Martha Stewart and Rachael Ray.
Mike: Hey, Sheldon, what do you say we go outside and throw around the old pigskin?
Sheldon: This is a Jewish house. I don’t think they have pigskin.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Did someone say pigskin?
Penny: Hey, I’m sorry about today. And I promise, next time I get married, it won’t be a joke. It’ll be for love. Or money.
Leonard: I’m sorry, too.
Zack: Don’t be. It’s my fault. I was a terrible husband. I was never around.
Mike: I know I’m hard on you, but you’re not the worst son-in-law in the world.
Howard: Mike, that’s the nicest thing you’ve ever said to me.
Mike: Well, I’m drunk.
Sheldon: I just vomited on a lot of clowns.
 								
			
				Scene: A radio studio.
Ira Flatow: This is Science Friday. I’m Ira Flatow. My guest today is responsible for the discovery of the first stable super-heavy element. Welcome, Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
Sheldon: Thank you. Uh, the university made me come here. I didn’t want to. Uh, big fan of the show.
Ira: So, I understand that you actually discovered this element by mistake.
Sheldon: Yes.
Ira: And some people in the science community are calling it The Wonder Blunder.
Sheldon: Who? Give me their names. I bet it’s Wolowitz.
Ira: It’s just such a fascinating story. Your calculations are way off, but they find the element anyway. It’s like misreading a treasure map and still finding the treasure.
Sheldon: Can we talk about something else? Do you know that I yodel?
Ira: That’s interesting, but this could be taking you down the path toward a Nobel Prize. And in chemistry, no less. And wouldn’t that be unusual? Because you’re a physicist.
Sheldon: Yes, yes, I’d be a physicist with a Nobel in chemistry. Everyone laugh at the circus freak. You know, I don’t need to sit here and take this, Flatow. It is because of bullies like you, every day more and more Americans are making the switch to television.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is on the phone.
Sheldon: President Seibert, I don’t know why you’re yelling. You’re the one who made me go on the radio. I was expecting a professional science interview, not an attack by some morning zoo shock jock. Well, if the university needs money so badly, perhaps you should start a swear jar. Whoa, that one’s worth a dollar.
Amy: I know you don’t like it, but every time you do an interview, it raises the profile of the university. That translates to funding.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, I’m not just some trained monkey dancing for coins.
Leonard: Of course you’re not. People love trained monkeys.
Penny: How can you not be happy? You’re tall, thin and famous. Oh, my God, I’m jealous of Sheldon.
Sheldon: Look, you’re gonna be doing this stuff for a while. You’re just gonna have to find a way to get used to it.
Sheldon: But none of you know what this is like. Being celebrated for something you wish you never did.
Penny: Mmm, you clearly haven’t been with me at Mardi Gras.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Bernadette: Want to pause the video game and help me clean up?
Howard: I am cleaning up. Look at the mess the Joker made of Gotham City.
Bernadette: Come on, it’s your friend who’s coming to stay here.
Howard: Raj grew up in India. Trust me, he’s seen worse.
Bernadette: Howie. 
Howard: I promise I’ll help out the rest of the week.
Bernadette: The rest of the week? You said it was just gonna be a night or two.
Howard: Yeah, but if I told you a week, would you have said yes?
Bernadette: No.
Howard: Then you left me no choice.
Bernadette: I love Raj, but that’s a long time for a house guest.
Howard: I know, but they’re tenting his building. He can’t find a hotel he likes that allows dogs.
Bernadette: He’s bringing Cinnamon?
Howard: For a whole week, the nerve of some people.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom. Sheldon is playing with his train set.
Sheldon: Here comes the Embarrassment Express. With stops at Fraudville, Wonder Blunderberg, and Kansas City. Because it’s a hub.
Amy: Sheldon, can I come in?
Sheldon: Do you have cookies?
Amy: No.
Sheldon: Good. I don’t deserve cookies. Come in. Wil?
Wil Wheaton: Hey, Sheldon. It’s been a while.
Sheldon: Why are you here?
Wil: Amy said you were having a rough time, and I thought maybe we could talk. Is that okay?
Sheldon: Certainly. Although, right now, I’m having a rough time because there’s three people in my room, and it’s starting to feel like a discotheque.
Amy: Sheldon, you said you were unhappy getting attention for something you wished you never did.
Wil: Yeah, I know a little something about that.
Sheldon: Oh, nonsense, Wil. Your endless tweets are not that bad.
Wil: I remember why it’s been a while. Sheldon, I was actually talking about when I was a kid on Star Trek.
Sheldon: How could you not like getting attention for playing Wesley Crusher? You were wonderful. A know-it-all boy genius with an eidetic memory. Who couldn’t relate to that?
Wil: Well, not everybody felt that way. A lot of people really hated the character, and some of them hated me because of it. I would do interviews, and people would be mean to me.
Sheldon: That just happened to me. Next time you’re stuck for a tweet, feel free to say what a jerk Ira Flatow is.
Amy: Sheldon, the point is Wil learned to embrace that part of his life and moved on to bigger and better things.
Wil: Yeah, I’m an author now, I do public speaking, and I have my own Web series about board games.
Amy: Uh, we’re trying to cheer him up, so… 
Wil: I’m just saying that there was a time when I thought I would never get out of Wesley Crusher’s shadow. But now, it’s just one small part of a pretty great life, and it’s a part that I’m happy is there.
Sheldon: I do see what you’re saying. That helps.
Wil: Good.
Sheldon: Would you two like to stay and play trains with me?
Wil: Sure.
Amy: Okay.
Sheldon: Oh, great, now, I work the controls, I say all aboard. You sit quietly and watch.
Wil:Can I blow the whistle?
Sheldon: You should probably go.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: You’re gonna brush your teeth on my couch?
Raj: No, I’m gonna brush Cinnamon’s teeth.
Howard: Why bother? She spends half the time licking her butt.
Raj: And the other half licking my face. That’s why I’m brushing her teeth.
Bernadette: Hey, guys. Sorry I’m so late. Did you already have dinner?
Howard: No, we were waiting for you.
Bernadette: Aw, that’s so sweet.
Howard: Yeah. So what do you feel like making?
Raj: Howard, the poor thing just got home from work. Let me get you a glass of wine. I’ll cook dinner.
Bermadette: Oh, Raj, you’re our guest.
Raj: Don’t be silly. Sit. You look like you’ve had a long day.
Howard: No, she always looks like that. Because she married an idiot.
Bernadette: Thank you, Raj.
Raj: Please, this is my way of thanking you for letting me stay here. Now, tell us all about your day.
Bernadette: Okay, um, well, first, I was late to a meeting ’cause I was stuck in traffic.
Howard: Well, I keep telling you to put that traffic app on your phone.
Raj: Hey, when you got home today complaining that you felt sick from eating too many jelly beans, did I tell you how to fix it? No. I said, aw, that must hurt, and I rubbed your belly.
Howard: I thought of you the whole time.
Raj: All I’m saying is there’s a time to just listen. 
Bernadette: Thank you.
Raj: There’s also a time to stop eating too many jelly beans. And it’s when you’re ten.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hello, President Siebert. Thank you for taking my call. I just wanted you to know that you can now expect enthusiastic participation from me regarding my discovery. Oh, no, no, no, no. No need to thank mNo, thank my friend, Wil Wheaton. For your information, I have nine friends, hmm? Ten if we include you. Nine it is. Ah, it’s ten. I’ll count Wolowitz. Hello, friend Leonard.
Leonard: Hey, you’re in a good mood.
Sheldon: I’m in a great mood.
Leonard: Well, you’re about to be in an even better one. I didn’t want to say anything until I knew for sure, but, I’ve been re-running the tests on your element in my lab and I disproved it. Your element does not exist.
Sheldon: Yeah, but what about the Chinese research team? They found it.
Leonard: Yeah, it turns out someone added simulated signals to the data files. They faked the results.
Sheldon: Really?
Leonard: Yes. Do you know what that means? That means all of this attention that you hate goes away.
Sheldon: So no more interviews?
Leonard: No, it’s all over.
Sheldon: I can’t believe it.
Leonard: Well, you’re welcome.
Sheldon: You robbed me of my greatest achievement.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: I’m back down to nine friends. Make it eight, I’m sick of Wolowitz, too.
Leonard: I, I don’t understand. All you’ve done since you discovered this stupid element was complain. I was trying to make you happy.
Sheldon: By taking away my only claim to fame? Well, if you wanted to make me happy, you could have told me a joke. Or shown me a cute video of a koala and an otter becoming unlikely friends.
Leonard: Oh, there is no winning with you. And koalas and otters don’t even live near each other.
Sheldon: That’s what makes their friendship unlikely,
Penny: Hey, what’s with all the yelling?
Sheldon: Leonard disproved my element. Now all the attention is going to go away.
Penny: Oh, that’s great. You must be thrilled, 
Sheldon: That’s it, I’m down to seven friends.
Penny: He’s counting hobbits and superheroes, right?
Sheldon: When I thought the element was real, I didn’t want it. But now that Leonard made it not exist, I want it more than anything in the world.
Leonard: The, the element never existed. I didn’t take it away, science took it away. Be mad at science.
Sheldon: Don’t you dare use science against me. Science is my best friend. Oh, good, I’m back up to eight.
Leonard: Will you tell him he’s out of his mind.
Penny: Actually, I get what he’s saying.
Sheldon: Oh, yes, nine. Welcome back, buddy.
Penny: It’s like if you’re dating someone you’re not that into, and then they break up with you and then you want them more than ever.
Sheldon: I have no idea what she’s talking about, but we’re ganging up on you so I agree.
Leonard: Okay, Sheldon, what do you want me to do, hide the information? If I don’t publish it, it’s just a matter of time before someone else does.
Sheldon: No, no, of course you have to publish. That’s your responsibility as a scientist. Doing otherwise would be unethical. You have no choice.
Leonard: Fine, I’ll publish.
Sheldon: Can you believe this guy?
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Bernadette: Aw! Raj did the dishes.
Howard: How do you know I didn’t do them?
Bernadette: Because once, when all the knives were dirty, you cut a bagel with your keys.
Raj: Good morning, everybody. I picked up coffee while I was out. Bernadette, here’s your soy peppermint mocha.
Bernadette: Aw, you didn’t have to do that.
Raj: Oh, my pleasure, and don’t worry about your presentation today. You’re gonna be great.
Howard: Yeah, you’re gonna knock it out of the park.
Bernadette: What presentation do I have today?
Howard: Just go.
Raj: He loves you.
Howard: What are you doing? Are you trying to make me look bad?
Raj: I’m just being a good house guest.
Howard: No, you’re being a better husband than I am. Doing the dishes, getting coffee, knowing about her life, who does that?
Raj: Oh, come on, I brought you one, too.
Howard: I don’t want coffee.
Raj: That’s why I got you hot chocolate.
Howard: Give me that. Just stop showing me up.
Raj: Howard, listen to me. You’re a great husband. Yes, your listening skills could use some work. But it’s amazing how far you’ve come given that you’re an only child raised by an over-protective mom.
Howard: Um, is this getting weird?
Raj: Hang on.
Howard: So, yes.
Scene: Sheldon’s office.
Leonard: Hey. I just wanted to let you know that I, I posted my findings.
Sheldon: I saw. And I just posted a retraction of my paper. Now the whole scientific community knows I was wrong.
Leonard: These things happen all the time, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Not to me. The only other retraction I ever had to issue was when I was seven and I conceded that my brother was the greatest ninja in East Texas. But that was just a ploy to get my face out of his armpit.
Barry: Thew he is. It’s my favowite superhewo, the Wetwactor.
Leonard: Come on, don’t give him a hard time.
Barry: I’m sowwy, Cooper. I wetwact it. By the way, Hofstadter, nice job dispwoving the Chinese team.
Leonard: It’s not a big deal.
Barry: It’s a huge deal. Cooper, maybe physics just isn’t your thing. Have you ever considered a caweer in wetail? That way you could take things back for a wiving.
Leonard: Okay, Barry, that’s enough.
Sheldon: No, no, no, that’s okay. I can fight my own battles. Isn’t that right, Bawwy.
Barry: Is? Is that a wefewence to my speech impediment? That’s pwetty hurtful. I, I can’t contwol it.
Sheldon: You’re right, That was uncalled for. I take it back.
Barry: Of course you do. Because you’re the Wetwactor.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Bernadette: Raj, this dinner was amazing. If you’re here much longer, I’m gonna have to buy bigger clothes.
Raj: Nonsense. You need a little fattening up. You’ve been looking too skinny lately.
Bernadette: Aw. Howie, how come you never say anything sweet like that?
Howard: What are you talking about? Remember last week, when I asked you if you were wearing Spanx and you weren’t? How’s that different?
Bernadette: Maybe you could try being more thoughtful, like your friend Raj.
Howard: Yeah, well, maybe you could try being more like Raj. 
Bernadette: Oh, really?
Howard: Yeah, yeah. He packed me a lunch this morning. And there was a note inside that said go get ’em.
Bernadette: Like I don’t do enough around here. Now I need to pack your lunch? And by the way, why do you need a note telling you to go get ’em? You’re a grown man, you should know to go get ’em.
Howard: I do know to go get ’em, but sometimes it’s nice to have emotional support when I’m going and getting them.
Raj: Hey, hey, do you hear yourselves? Let’s just, you know, all calm down and take a step back.
Bernadette: This is stupid. Why are we fighting?
Howard: I don’t know. I guess I was just feeling like I’m a lousy husband.
Bernadette: You’re not a lousy husband. You’re a great husband. I was the one feeling like a lousy wife.
Howard: Are you kidding? You’re the best. I know what the problem is. It’s him.
Raj: Oh, what did I do?
Howard: You made us feel like we’re not trying hard enough.
Bernadette: Yeah, we were totally fine half-assing our marriage till you showed up.
Raj: Look, I’m sorry you’re upset with me, but I just have to say it’s nice to see the two of you on the same page.
Howard: Oh, it does feel good to have you backing me up for once.
Bernadette: I back you up all the time.
Howard: That is not… he’s doing it again. 
Bernadette: What is wrong with you?
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: I can’t believe they kicked you out. 
Raj: I can’t believe they’re still married. Oh, no, I forgot Cinnamon’s toothbrush at Howard’s. I guess you’re sharing with Daddy again. 
Penny: Bark once if you need me to call PETA.
Sheldon: What’s that animal doing in our apartment?
Leonard: Oh, relax, she’s in her crate. She can’t get out.
Sheldon: I have two words for you, Jurassic Park. This day just keeps getting worse and worse.
Penny: You know, if it makes you feel any better…
Sheldon: It probably won’t.
Penny: You’re probably right.
Amy: Sheldon, it’s a beautiful night. Why don’t you and I go for a nice walk together?
Sheldon: Oh, everything is just sex with you isn’t it?
Raj: Sheldon, I think you might find the support you’re looking for if you realize that relationships are a give and take. She can only be there for you as much as you are for her.
Amy: Thank you, Rajesh.
Raj: And, Amy, you need to be patient with Sheldon, instead of pressuring him to accept intimacy on your terms.
Amy: You should probably go.
Scene: The radio studio.
Ira: I’m Ira Flatow, and this is Science Friday. I’d like to welcome back Dr. Sheldon Cooper, who thought he had discovered a new super-heavy element only to have it disproved by my next guest, Dr. Leonard Hofstadter. Welcome to Science< Friday, gentlemen.
Leonard: Thanks.
Sheldon: Thank you. Ira, if I may, I’d like to apologize for my behaviour last week.
Ira: It’s all right.
Sheldon: Now, isn’t there something you’d like to say to me?
Ira: No. Now, Dr. Hofstadter. Can you walk us through the process you used to disprove his theory?
Leonard: Well…
Sheldon: I believe I can answer that.
Leonard: He asked me.
Sheldon: Fine.
Leonard: As I was saying…
Sheldon: You’re telling it wrong. Ira, to really understand the story here, you have to start at the very beginning. A small town in East Texas, where a young genius named…
Leonard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: That’s right, Sheldon Cooper. He was bitten by his neighbour’s dog, leading to his first scientific breakthrough, the doggie death-ray. Which, sadly, he couldn’t build because Santa wouldn’t bring him enriched uranium.
Ira: You know, I’d really like to hear it from Dr. Hofstadter, if it’s okay with you.
Sheldon: What a surprise. Did you invite me back just so you could ignore me?
Ira: Actually, I didn’t invite you. You came in, you took a seat, and I’m not comfortable with confrontation.
Leonard: Sheldon, this interview is supposed to be about me.
Sheldon: Well, that seems like a snooze. Even for public radio.
Penny (listening in her apartment): You know, if we did a shot every time they said something embarrassing, this would be one hell of a drinking game.
Amy: A little early for alcohol, isn’t it?
Sheldon: You know, I don’t just say smart things about science. I also yodel. (Does)
Amy: I’ll get the vodka.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment. Penny and Amy are playing a ski-ing game.
Penny: Wow, you’re really good at this.
Amy: Well, I have an extremely low centre of gravity. I’m like a pyramid.
Penny: How you doing over there?
Leonard: Oh, I hope it’s just a sprain. I cannot walk into that E.R. with another video game injury.
Penny: Hey, Sheldon, you want to play next?
Sheldon: Oh, I would, but I’m on my way out.
Leonard: Where?
Sheldon: Texas.
Amy: Right now? Why?
Leonard: Is someone sick?
Sheldon: Yes. My sister’s uterus came down with a baby.
Penny: Oh, she’s pregnant? That’s great. You’re gone an uncle. Uncle Sheldon.
Sheldon: No, I will be Uncle Dr. Cooper.
Amy: How come you never said she was pregnant?
Sheldon: Well, I never told you about my brother’s kidney stone. You want to hear about everything that comes out of my family’s genitals?
Leonard: Well, congrats, and it’s nice you’re gonna be there for your sister.
Sheldon: Yes. I’m filling in for her husband who’s recovering from a horrible motorcycle accident. Lucky duck.
Penny: Wow, so, how long will you be gone?
Sheldon: Well, she’s due tomorrow. Although it did take her six years to finish high school, so who knows?
Amy: Can I give you a ride to the airport?
Sheldon: Oh, no, thank you, I don’t want to be an inconvenience. Chop-chop, Leonard. We leave in ten minutes.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: All right, here’s the deal. Sheldon is gone, so the tree decorating rules are out the window.
Penny: Yeah, which means we don’t have to use his ridiculous ornament-spacing template.
Leonard: And I’m happy to report its kickstarter campaign is holding strong at zero dollars.
Penny: Ah.
Raj: Wait, so Star Wars and Star Trek characters can go on the same branch?
Leonard: I know, it’s crazy. Welcome to the Thunderdome, people. (All whoop)
Howard: I’ve never done this before. It’s kind of fun.
Raj: Yeah, if your mom could see her little Bar Mitzvah boy right now, she’d have a heart attack.
Bernadette: Good idea, I’ll take a picture.
Penny: Honey, I’m a little strapped for cash this year, so for Christmas I was thinking of giving you this.
Leonard: I love it.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: But it is what you got me last year.
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: And last night.
Stuart: Hello.
Various: Hey, Hi, Stuart. etc
Stuart: Oh, good, I’m glad you guys didn’t wait for me to start. Although you said seven and it’s, it’s seven, but that’s fine.
Amy (ringing from tablet): Oh, it’s probably Sheldon. Hi, Sheldon. Everybody’s here, say hi.
Penny: Hi. 
Leonard: Hey, buddy.
Raj: Hey.
Howard: Howdy.
Bernadette: Hi.
Stuart: Hello.
Sheldon: The second I go out of town you throw a Christmas party without me? 
Amy: Yeah, kinda.
Sheldon: That’s so thoughtful. You guys are the best.
Penny: Hey, how’s your sister?
Sheldon: <i>She went into labor an hour ago.
Amy: That’s wonderful. So you’re at the hospital?
Sheldon: No, she chose to have a home birth because she wants to live in the Stone Age and a cave wasn’t available.
Raj: You know, many people believe that home births are better because the mother is in a warm, comfortable environment where she can be nurtured by loved ones.
Sheldon: And turn the bedroom floor into an amniotic Slip ‘n Slide.
Mrs Cooper (off): Shelly, come on. Your sister’s fully dilated and she wants a nice family picture before there’s blood everywhere.
Sheldon: Oh, boy. I picked the wrong day to wear my good robot T-shirt.
Raj: If you were having Sheldon’s baby would you really want him in the room?
Penny: Yeah, if he’s in the room when they’re making the baby, I’ll give you ten dollars.
Bernadette: Hey, I brought over It’s a Wonderful Life if you guys want to watch it later.
Amy: Oh, I love that movie.
Raj: I’ve never seen it.
Stuart: Me neither.
Amy: It’s great. It’s Christmastime and Jimmy Stewart’s really depressed and he’s gonna jump off a bridge and kill himself.
Stuart: Don’t need to see it. Living it.
Bernadette: But then he gets to see what the world would be like if he’d never been born.
Penny: Hey, you ever imagine what that would be like? Not being born?
Leonard: (Knock, knock, knock) What do you think? (Knock, knock, knock) What do you think? (Knock, knock, knock) What do you think?
Amy: You make jokes about Sheldon, but if it weren’t for him, I don’t think any of us would be sitting in this room right now.
Howard: Really? Sheldon not being here is the main reason I’m in this room.
Amy: It’s true. None of you would know me. You wouldn’t know Bernadette. You wouldn’t be dating Penny.
Leonard: You don’t know that. I’ve been going to the Cheesecake Factory for years. I could have picked her up. (General laughter) 
Penny: Oh, you weren’t joking.
Leonard: No.
Penny: Okay, sweetie, let me tell you exactly how that would have gone down.
Fantasy sequence in Cheesecake Factory.
Leonard: I’m gonna do it. I’m gonna ask her out.
Howard: I’m gonna squirt chocolate milk out of my nipples. Sorry, I thought we’re saying things that are never gonna happen.
Raj: Maybe this time he’s going to do it.
Howard: Hope you’re thirsty, here it comes.
Leonard: Watch me.
Penny: Hey, you guys ready to order or you need a few minutes?
Leonard: I, uh, ah, um, I…
Penny: A few minutes it is.
Raj: You didn’t ask her out, but that was a lot of sounds.
Leonard: You guys are making me nervous.
Howard: Fine, then go talk to her on your own.
Leonard: I will. Excuse me.
Penny: Yeah?
Leonard: Hi, uh, um, I’m Leonard?
Penny: Really? You don’t sound so sure.
Leonard: No, I am he. Uh, any, anyway, um, there’s been something I’ve wanted to ask you for a long time. Um.
Penny: What’s that?
Leonard: Eh, uh, well, I was wondering, if you’re not too busy, um, uh, if, if you’d be interested in telling me where the restroom is?
Penny: I think you’re too late.
End fantasy sequence
Leonard: Come on, I would not have peed my pants.
Howard: She nailed it.
Raj: Sounds about right.
Leonard: But, you forget, I did ask you out in real life.
Amy: Which couldn’t have happened if you didn’t live across the hall from her, which couldn’t have happened without Sheldon. Same goes with you guys. If Leonard wasn’t with Penny, she never would have set you up.
Howard: Doesn’t matter. Bernadette still would’ve been working at The Cheesecake Factory, and I still would’ve been working this beefcake factory. You would’ve been all over me.
Bernadette: Well…
Fantasy sequence in the Cheesecake Factory.
Bernadette: Hey, Penny, can I take that table?
Penny: Sure, why?
Bernadette: The one in the turtleneck is cute.
Raj: Open wide, here comes the happy train.
Howard: Mm-hmm, chug-a-chug-a, yum, yum.
Raj: Oh. Hang on. You got a, you got a little something. Ah.
Bernadette: Never mind.
End fantasy sequence.
Raj: Oh, man, that is so us.
Leonard: You know, maybe you and I wouldn’t be together, but you wouldn’t have done so great yourself.
Penny: Why? 
Leonard: Because I know exactly the kind of guy you would’ve ended up with.
Fantasy sequence in Penny’s apartment.
Zack: Hey, babe.
Penny: Hey. Did you remember to pay the rent?
Zack: Better. I used the money to buy these magic beans.
End fantasy sequence.
Penny: Hey, he may be an idiot, but at least he didn’t pee himself.
Leonard: Oh, hold on.
Fantasy sequence.
Zack: Aw, babe, I peed myself.
Penny: Me, too.
End fantasy sequence.
Leonard: The end.
Amy (Tablet ringing): Hi, Sheldon. Everything okay?
Sheldon: No, it’s not. I’ve seen things. Lady things.
Amy: Listen to me. That is not the way they usually look.
Sheldon: Doesn’t matter. This is no way to make new humans. People coming out of people. It’s some kind of dirty magic show.
Mrs Cooper (off): Sheldon Lee Cooper. You get back in this room right now. And bring a mop.
Sheldon: Did you hear that? A mop. I have two PhDs yet somehow I’m the janitor of my sister’s birth canal.
Leonard: Hey, Sheldon sent us all an e-mail. Happy holidays from Texas. And there’s pictures. Aah! Don’t open them. Do not open them.
Penny: Oh, come on. Childbirth is a natural, beautiful, uuurgh, it’s like someone sawed a cow in half.
Raj: My father’s a gynaecologist, I think I can handle it. And, now, I’m gay.
Bernadette: You know, I was thinking. Without Sheldon, most of us would have never met, but Penny would still live across from him. 
Amy: And with Leonard out of the picture, we all know what that would mean.
Penny: We do?
Fantasy sequence in the Laundry Room.
Penny: Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hello.
Penny: Doing laundry?
Sheldon: Of course I’m doing laundry. Saturday night is laundry night, and I’m in a laundry room, so, I believe your inference is justified.
Penny: Oh, my inference is justified. Sheldon, you are so funny. Anyway, I need to do my laundry, too, because these clothes are so dirty. Almost as dirty as the dirty girl who’s wearing them.
End fantasy sequence.
Penny: Okay, that’s enough.
Leonard: Disagree.
Raj: Keep going. 
Howard: More.
Fantasy sequence. 
Penny: So, what do you think?
Sheldon: A tad asymmetrical, but nothing to be concerned about.
Penny: Please, Sheldon. I need you.
Sheldon: To what?
Penny: To take me.
Sheldon: I’m not taking you anywhere till you put on a shirt.
Penny: Come on, Sheldon. You and me right here.
Sheldon: Penny, for the thousandth time, I’m saving myself for someone special. Perhaps a cute bespectacled neuroscientist with hair the color of mud. 
Penny: I think I know how to change your mind.
End fantasy sequence.
Leonard: That’s enough.
Raj: Ew.
Stuart: I was okay with it.
Amy (tablet ringing): How’s it going, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Actually, much better.
Leonard: Oh, good. Is the baby born yet?
Sheldon: I don’t know. I just got back. 
Amy: Where’d you go?
Sheldon: My mother asked me to get some towels. I took advantage of the vague request and went to Bed, Bath & Beyond. (Scream from other room) Excuse me, I’m on the phone. So rude.
Amy: Here’s another one. Penny, if it weren’t for Sheldon you never would have met comic book legend Stan Lee.
Penny: Great.
Raj: At least Leonard, Howard and I would have always been friends.
Bernadette: Hey, how come you three never got an apartment together?
Leonard: We talked about it, but Howard was in a pretty serious relationship with his mom.
Howard: I lived with her to save money.
Raj: Yeah, you didn’t have to buy groceries ’cause you were breast-feeding.
Bernadette: Aw, so I guess if it weren’t for me, you’d still be living with her, huh?
Howard: Not exactly.
Penny: What do you mean, not exactly?
Howard: Well, things would be a little different.
Fantasy sequence in Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard, where’s my lunch? I’m starving.
Howard: I know you’re starving. The neighbours know you’re starving. There’s starving people in Africa who know you’re starving.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): That’s it? There’s not enough food.
Howard:Well, you cleaned out Earth. I don’t know what else to do.
Bernadette: How is this any different?
Howard: You didn’t let me finish. Here you go, Mother.
Dead Mrs Wolowitz: You’re a good boy, Howard, such a good boy.
End fantasy sequence.
Amy: Wait, did she die or did you kill her?
Howard: Eh, tomato, tomahto. The important thing is she’s dead.
Bernadette: Hey, so how come you two didn’t move in together?
Leonard: Oh, this guy wanted a place of his own because he was sure he was gonna be a ladies’ man.
Raj: Yeah, I was wrong. But I do think you and I would have had a great time.
Fantasy scene in Raj’s apartment.
Raj: Come on, Leonard, dinner.
Fat Leonard: Coming.
Leonard: Hang on. Why would I be fat?
Raj: You’d have no girlfriend to see you naked, you’d try to fill the void with food, and I’m an enabler who once deep-fried a pancake.
Leonard: Why can’t you be fat, too?
Fat Leonard: What do you want to do for dessert?
Fat Raj: I think there’s still half a cake from breakfast.
Fat Leonard: No, there’s not.
Fat Stuart: Hey, guys.
Fat Leonard and Raj: Stuart!
End fantasy sequence.
Raj: What are you doing?
Stuart: I just wanted to be in anyone’s story.
Raj: Yeah, but why are you fat?
Stuart: ‘Cause Leonard was fat.
Penny: Amy, what about you? What do you think you’d be doing if you never met Sheldon?
Amy: It’s hard to say, my life would be so different.
Howard: You can say better. Sheldon can’t hear you.
Amy: I don’t know.
Fantasy sequence in Amy’s apartment.
Amy: Happy birthday to me, happy birthday to me, there’s tears in the frosting, happy birthday to me. (Stuart honks a party hooter at her.)
End fantasy sequence.
Stuart: I’ll stop now.
Amy (tablet ringing): How’s it going, Sheldon?
Sheldon: That’s it. The baby’s here. It’s a boy.
Penny: Aw.
Amy: Yay.
Raj: Congrats.
Sheldon: Oh, thank you. I wasn’t sure I was gonna to make it. But my mother gave me some ice chips, my sister told me to breathe, and I just thought to myself, Sheldon, if you can make it through the Green Lantern movie, you can make it through this.
Leonard: Well, good for you, buddy. We’ll let you get back in there.
Sheldon: Oh no, no, I’m not going back in there. That baby is so irritating. He has literally been crying his entire life.
Howard: Aw, he’s already taking after Uncle Shelly.
Amy: Come on, Sheldon, you should go.
Sheldon: Why?
Amy: Well, you always complain that you never had an intelligent role model growing up, and now you can be one for your nephew.
Sheldon: Ugh, all right, I’ll go. But from what I’ve seen, his attention span is as limited as his bladder control.
Bernadette: You actually got him to do it.
Rajj: Yeah, you keep saying how much Sheldon has affected all of us, but you’ve clearly had an impact on him.
Amy: If that were true, I wouldn’t still be living alone. Well, not exactly alone. I do have a 50 pound sack of rice with one of Sheldon’s T-shirts on it.
Leonard: I’m telling you, Sheldon cares for you more than you think.
Amy: I wish I could believe you. I also wish there wasn’t a mouse living in Rice Sheldon.
Leonard: Hang on, I’m gonna give you a little early Christmas present. I’m gonna show you something, but if you ever told Sheldon he’d probably never speak to me again. So, if you want to tell him, that’s fine. Look.
Amy: I don’t understand.
Leonard: He made you his screensaver.
Amy: Oh. Wow. I had no idea. He is so into me. Wait, wait, where’d I go?
Leonard: Oh, well, it’s you, Swamp Thing, Stephen Hawking, Spider-Man, but, look, you’re in the mix.
Amy: I am in the mix. And I’m the hottest one.
Penny: Who’s that?
Leonard: Oh, Madame Curie.
Amy: That’s fine, she’s dead.
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: You okay?
Amy: Just really glad you’re back.
Sheldon: Me, too. I got a lot of TV to catch up on.
Amy: I missed you.
Sheldon: To quote Han Solo, I know.
Amy: Did you miss me?
Sheldon: I would’ve preferred to have you there with me.
Amy: Oh.
Sheldon: Or instead of me.
Amy: Did you hold the baby?
Sheldon: I did. 
Amy: And? How did it make you feel?
Sheldon: Looking into the blank, innocent eyes of a creature that couldn’t begin to comprehend anything I was saying? Basically just another day at the office.
Fantasy sequence at the Cheesecake Factory.
Fat Leonard: I’m gonna do it. I’m gonna ask her out.
Howard: And chocolate milk is gonna squirt out of my nipples.
Fat Raj: Put up or shut up. You make it, I’ll drink it.
Penny: You guys need anything else?
Fat Leonard: Uh, your phone number and one more cheesecake.
Penny: I’m sorry, I have a boyfriend. In fact, there he is now. Ready to go, sweetheart?
Stuart: Not until I get my kiss.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Amy: This is nice, that we all get to eat together.
Leonard: Absolutely.
Amy: Hmm. Can we maybe put the phones down and have an actualhuman conversation?
Sheldon: We can, but thanks to Steve Jobs, we don’t have to.
Penny: Guys, guys, you’re never gonna believe this.
Leonard: What happened?
Penny: I just got a part on a TV show.
Amy: Congratulations.
Leonard: What? That’s great. Guys.
Howard: Oh, yeah
Sheldon: Yay, Penny.
Amy: What’s the show?
Penny: Um, NC… II… or, you know, NCSTD… I don’t know, it’s, it’s, you know, it’s the one with the letters and I’m gonna be on it!
Leonard: That’s amazing.
Penny: Yeah.
Howard: What’s your part?
Penny: Um, I play a customer in a diner and I flirt with Mark Harmon.
Raj: Ooh, Mark Harmon, he’s a dreamboat.
Leonard: So it, it’s just flirting?
Penny: Well, yeah. Why?
Leonard: Uh, no reason. I just think it’s sexier when things are left to the imagination.
Amy: He’s wrong.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.
Raj: So I read a study that says a man with a dog is three times more likely to get a woman’s phone number.
Leonard: Is it true even when the man lets his dog lick peanut butter off his tongue?
Raj: I don’t see why not. 
Howard: If you’re really desperate to meet women and like having food eaten out of your mouth, I could set you up with my mom.
Sheldon: Why is that funny? That’s just unhygienic.
Leonard: It’s a joke.
Sheldon: I don’t think so. I believe that a joke is a brief oral narrative with a climactic humorous twist. For example, uh, Wolowitz’s mother is so fat that she decided to go on a diet, or exercise, or both. See? The twist is that people don’t usually change. Well, they don’t.
Penny: Hey, guys, don’t forget, my episode’s on TV tomorrow night.
Howard: We’ll be there.
Raj: Can we bring anything?
Penny: Oh, that’s so sweet of you, but I was gonna steal food from here. You know, my treat.
Sheldon: Wait, if Howard’s mother is coming, then you should also steal marbles. Because she’s obese, and hippos are obese, and in the popular board game Hungry Hungry Hippos, they eat marbles. Maybe I need to dumb these down for you. 
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: Leonard, do you think I’m funny?
Leonard: No. Do you?
Sheldon: I think I’m hysterical.
Leonard: I take it back. That was funny.
Sheldon: The philosopher Henri Bergson says it’s funny when a human being behaves like an object. 
Leonard: I bet that bit killed at The Chuckle Hut.
Sheldon: Oh, he didn’t perform stand-up comedy, he was a philosopher.
Leonard: You know, I think we’re zeroing in on your problem.
Sheldon: Perhaps I’ll spend some time developing a unified theory of comedy, which will allow me to elicit laughter from anyone at any time. Unless they’re German, ’cause that’s a tough crowd.
Leonard: Are you set on people laughing with you? ‘Cause if you’re cool with at you…
Sheldon: I don’t get it.
Scene: Bernadette’s car.
Bernadette: Raj, when you said you were gonna bring a date to watch Penny’s thing tonight, I didn’t think you meant Stuart.
Howard: Really? I never for a second thought it’d be anything else.
Raj: I almost met someone last night, but I blew it. I was walking Cinnamon and this girl introduced herself, but she was so cute I panicked and said, wouldn’t it be easier if instead of talking we could just sniff each other’s butts?
Bernadette: Well, Stuart’s cute in his own way.
Stuart: When I was a baby, my mother called me her little possum.
Raj: Are possums cute?
Stuart: Not at all.
Howard: If you’re so intimidated by talking to attractive girls, maybe you should practice by talking to regular people.
Raj: You mean like fatties and uggos?
Bernadette: Or maybe just stop talking.
Howard: I’m serious. Go to the mall, talk to anybody, practice, that way when you eventually do talk to a cute girl, it won’t be so scary.
Bernadette: Or just keep dating the possum.
Scene: The apartment.
Voice on television: Parsa doesn’t have those kind of resources.
Second voice: No, and that’s why he had Erin Pace rewire it…
Leonard: I’m so proud of you.
Penny: We haven’t even gotten to my scene yet.
Leonard: I know, but you’re going to be a TV star and you haven’t left me yet. That takes guts.
Sheldon: I don’t know about you, but I’m very uncomfortable with all this.
Amy: Why?
Sheldon: I’ve never seen this show before and now I’m starting with episode 246? It’s unnatural.
Amy: Just think of the first 245 as the prequel.
Sheldon: All right.
Penny: Okay, shh, guys, guys, this is it.
Man on TV: I guess it’s you and me, kid.
Mark Harmon on TV: What are you doing?
Woman on TV: I’m trying to make peace.
Mark Harmon on TV: We’re good.
Woman on TV: Good.
Mark Harmon on TV: Really? Because…
Penny: Are you kidding me?
Leonard: What’s wrong?
Penny: Well, the diner scene. Where’s my diner scene?
Sheldon: Well, don’t ask me. Until I see the prequel, I’m lost.
Penny: No, there was supposed to be a big scene with me and Mark Harmon, but it’s gone.
Bernadette: What happened?
Penny: They must’ve cut it.
Leonard: Oh, Penny, I’m, I’m sorry. 
Howard: That stinks.
Raj: I’m sure you were great.
Penny: This doesn’t make any sense. I mean, I, I thought I did a, a really good job, I… Excuse me.
Sheldon: I’ve been studying how to make people laugh. They say that comedy is tragedy plus time. Let’s tickle some ribs.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny (on phone): No, Dad, I don’t think they cut me out of the show because I was too pretty. No, I don’t need you to come out and kick Mark Harmon’s ass. Daddy, I gotta go. I love you. Bye.
Leonard: How you doing?
Penny: Ugh, this is such a disaster. My parents had all my relatives over. They got one of those six-foot sandwiches, and got my brother a day pass out of rehab and now he’s missing and the sandwich is missing, and they’re probably in Mexico by now. So humiliating.
Leonard: You still got the part. That’s a huge accomplishment.
Penny: Yeah, but this was supposed to be my break, okay? People were gonna see me in this show and it was gonna lead to bigger things. More auditions, more parts. Now none of that’s gonna happen.
Leonard: Honey, you only had, like, three lines. That wasn’t gonna happen anyway.
Penny: Unbelievable.
Leonard: Oh, come on, no, that’s not what I meant.
Penny: Then what did you mean?
Leonard: I don’t, look, you know, words don’t always have to mean things.
Penny: I think you meant that you don’t believe in me.
Leonard: Nope. Uh, uh, I might not know what I meant, but I know that I didn’t mean that. Not this guy. Oh, no way.
Penny: I want you, right now, to give me your 100% honest opinion.
Leonard: Right.
Penny: Do you think I have what it takes to really make it as an actress?
Leonard: Yes.
Penny: So you think I’ll be on TV and in movies and win awards.
Leonard: Honestly?
Penny: Yes, honestly.
Leonard: I don’t.
Penny: How could you say that?
Leonard: I don’t know, I got all confused when you said honestly.
Penny: Oh.
Leonard: Look, do I think that you are talented and that you are beautiful? Of course I do. But isn’t Los Angeles full of actresses who are just as talented, just as beautiful? All right, look, we’ll come back to that.
Penny: No, please. Don’t stop, go on. Tell me how I’m gonna be a waitress for the rest of my life.
Leonard: That is not what I said. Look, I think you’re really good. I truly do. But this is an incredibly hard thing that you’re shooting for. I mean, the odds of anyone becoming a successful actor are like a million to one.
Penny: Wow, thank you.
Leonard: Should’ve let Sheldon come.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: This is interesting. Apparently, a key component in some forms of humour is the element of surprise. 
Amy: Well, that makes sense. The prefrontal cortex is responsible for planning and anticipation, and patients with brain lesions on their…
Sheldon: BRAIN LESIONS!
Amy: Sheldon, you scared me. That wasn’t funny.
Sheldon: Or maybe you have a stick up your prefrontal cortex.
Amy: Okay, the notion that you can read a few books and come up with a definitive theory of comedy is absurd. I mean, humour is a complex neurological… (Sheldon drops his trousers) Okay, that’s pretty good.
Sheldon: Excellent.
Scene: The mall.
Stuart: How about her?
Raj: No. No pretty girls. The point is to talk to regular people and work our way up to pretty girls.
Stuart: Fine. How about that old lady with the walker?
Raj: That depends. On any level, do you think she’s hot?
Stuart: We’ll find somebody else.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: Kumquat?
Amy: I guess.
Sheldon: Ointment?
Amy: Sure.
Sheldon: Now, would you say ointment is more, equal to, or less funny than kumquat?
Amy: I don’t think I want to go out with you anymore.
Sheldon: Will you please stop joking around? I’m trying to figure this out.
Amy: Sheldon, how many words are you gonna go through?
Sheldon: All of them.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Penny: You didn’t get your part cut.
Voice on TV: All right, baby, here’s the deal.
Penny: And you didn’t get your part cut. Yep, bunch of old guys rocking out in a band, all with erectile dysfunction, you didn’t get your part cut!
Leonard: Hey. Can we talk?
Penny: We can, but the part of Penny might get cut.
Leonard: That was really crappy of me. What you’re trying to do is hard, but people do make it, and I really do believe you could be one of them.
Penny: Thank you.
Leonard: And to show you how much I believe in you, I kind of got you an audition.
Penny: Are you serious? For what?
Leonard: The new Star Wars movie.
Penny: What? How did you manage that?
Leonard: There’s this thing online, you put yourself on tape and just send it in, anyone can do it.
Penny: Come on Leonard, this is just a PR stunt.
Leonard: So? Even if it is, you have a huge advantage because you’re an actual actress. Most of the people doing this are just weirdoes and nerds. Wolowitz sent his in two days ago.
Penny: Really, let it go.
Leonard: Look, maybe it is a long shot, but sometimes long shots happen. Luke Skywalker was only given one chance to destroy the Death Star. He had to get a torpedo into an exhaust port that was only two meters wide, but with the help of The Force, he… wow, I can feel you hating me right now.
Scene: The mall. 
Stuart: How about that lady in the sweat suit, speed-walking?
Raj: Yeah, she seems friendly and easy to… never mind, she’s gone. You know, maybe talking to people is too hard.
Stuart: We could go over to that department store, practice on the mannequins.
Raj: I don’t know. They’re dressed very stylishly. They’re probably stuck-up. This is ridiculous. The next person that walks by, no matter who it is, they’re the one. We’re gonna die here.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.
Amy: Hello.
Bernadette: Hey.
Howard: Where’s Sheldon?
Amy: He’s home trying to use science to determine the basis of humour.
Bernadette: That’s interesting.
Amy: It’s exhausting. Do you have any idea how hard it is to laugh at a knock-knock joke that starts with knock-knock-knock, Amy, knock-knock-knock, Amy, knock-knock-knock, Amy?
Bernadette: If you want him to stop, sometimes the easiest thing to do is just fake a laugh.
Howard: Fake a laugh? Do you ever do that with me?
Bernadette: No, of course not.
Howard: Well, I’d be able to tell anyway.
Bernadette: I don’t think you would.
Howard: Please, I’ve made plenty of girls laugh, sometimes just by asking them out. (Bernadette laughs uncontrollably) Yeah? Well, I fake my orgasms.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard (on phone): Yes, how much for a hundred long-stemmed red roses? Really? How much for three?
Penny: Hey.
Leonard: Yeah, I’ll call you back.
Penny: Look, I know you were just trying to help with your Star Wars thing. I didn’t mean to call it idiotic.
Leonard: Well, I don’t think you called it idiotic.
Penny: Oh. Sorry, I meant to. Anyway, um, I was just upset with myself. I wasn’t mad at you. I just feel like everything is falling apart.
Leonard: Come on. It’s okay.
Penny: No, it’s not okay. Look at me, okay? I took a temp job as a waitress forever ago, and I’m still doing it. I can’t quit, because guess what? I can’t do anything else. And I finally get my big break, and it goes away. I’m such a mess.
Leonard: No, you’re not.
Penny: Really? ‘Cause this morning at Starbucks, a pair of old underwear fell out of my pant leg. And it wasn’t the only one in there.
Leonard: Okay, listen to me, this is just a minor setback.
Penny: No, it’s not, okay? I’ve been out here for, like, ten years. I’ve nothing to show for it.
Leonard: Well, you have me.
Penny: You’re right. I do have you. Mm. Let’s get married.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Ooh. Leonard Hofstadter, will you marry me?
Leonard: Um…
Penny: Did you seriously just say um?
Leonard: Look, you know I love you but, but you’re, you’re drunk and sad and feeling lost.
Penny: Okay, so, so you don’t want to marry me?
Leonard: That is not what I said.
Penny: No, forget it. I take it back. Offer’s off the table.
Sheldon: Who’s in the mood to laugh?
Leonard: Really not a good time.
Sheldon: But I used science to construct the perfect joke.
Penny: I’m gonna go.
Leonard: Penny, don’t.
Penny: No, no, I just need to be alone.
Sheldon: So, a sandwich, a rabbi and yo mama walk into a bar. Where are you going?
Leonard: To my room.
Sheldon: Should I follow you?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Leonard, wait.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: I forgot to tell you the sandwich is promiscuous.
Scene: The mall.
Stuart: How about those guys on that bench over there? They look pathetic. I bet we could talk to them.
Raj: That’s a mirror.
Stuart: Oh, yeah.
Security Guard: Hey, fellas, mall’s closing.
Raj: Sorry.
Security Guard: Yeah. Good night.
Raj: Uh, excuse me. 
Security Guard: Yeah?
Raj: Uh, do, do you like being a mall security guard?
Security Guard: It’s all right.
Raj: Okay, nice talking to you.
Stuart: Smooth.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Can’t sleep?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Would you like to talk about it?
Leonard: Penny proposed, and I didn’t say yes.
Sheldon: Why not?
Leonard: That’s a good question.
Sheldon: Does that mean the relationship is over?
Leonard: I don’t know.
Sheldon: Why don’t you ask her?
Leonard: Because I’m afraid to know the answer.
Sheldon: Well, I’m sorry.
Leonard: That’s it? You’re not gonna make some dumb joke or some inappropriate comment?
Sheldon: No. You’re my friend, and, I’m sorry.
Leonard: Did you just put a kick me sign on my back?
Sheldon: No. That wouldn’t be funny at all.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s bedroom.
Howard: Star Wars audition, take one, starring Howard Joel Wolowitz, real-life astronaut. Vader is here, now, on this moon. I felt his presence. He’s come for me. He can feel when I’m near…
Bernadette: How many times do I have to tell you to replace the toilet paper when it’s empty?
Howard: I’m in the middle of something.
Bernadette: So am I.
 								
			
				Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: It’s an outrage.
Leonard: I know.
Sheldon: The university, they think they can do whatever they want. We just have to sit there and take it.
Leonard: You need to let it go, Sheldon.
Sheldon: You work tirelessly for someone, and this is what you get.
Leonard: Oh, my God, they’re just making you use your vacation days.
Sheldon: But I don’t want a vacation.
Leonard: Okay, listen, I don’t mean to diminish what you’re going through, but I’m a little distracted right now.
Sheldon: Oh, this again? So, Penny proposed, you didn’t say yes, and now you think you may have lost her love forever. How does this compare to me being forced to relax for a few days?
Leonard: It doesn’t.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Leonard: I’m gonna go talk to Penny. 
Sheldon: I’m going to go inside, put on my coziest pajamas, curl up with a good book and wait for this nightmare to be over. (Leonard knocks three times) Penny. Sorry.
Penny: Hi.
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: Look, I’m sorry I didn’t text you back. I just needed some time to think.
Leonard: Okay.
Penny: Yeah. Come in.
Leonard: Look, if you want to break up, just say it.
Penny: Leonard…
Leonard: No, no, no, no. I take it back. Don’t say it. Just, just hate me, but stay with me. It worked for my parents.
Penny: Listen, I don’t want to break up with you.
Leonard: Oh. Oh, okay. Good, good. So, it’s cool if I cry a little?
Penny: Yeah, I probably wouldn’t.
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: Look, you did the right thing last night. I was a mess. I was just frustrated because my career is going nowhere.
Leonard: Look, I get it, and I want you to know that I support whatever you want to do.
Penny: Great, because I’ve been thinking, if I really want this acting thing to work, I need to focus all my energy on it. And to do that, I should quit waitressing at The Cheesecake Factory.
Leonard: Wow. That, that’s a big step.
Penny: I know.
Leonard: So, well, before making any rash…
Penny: I already quit.
Leonard: And I support you.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Come on, take me to work with you.
Leonard: No. You’re on vacation.
Sheldon: Please. What if there’s a big breakthrough in science today and I’m not there to see it?
Leonard: Do you really think there’s gonna be a breakthrough without you there to do it?
Sheldon: No. I was just tricking you.
Leonard: Bye.
Sheldon: Leonard, wait. Take me with you.
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Please.
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Too bad. I’m coming with you.
Leonard: Oh, Sheldon, stay.
Sheldon: But.
Leonard: I said stay. I’m going to work. Do not follow me. 
Scene: The comic book store.
Bernadette: Hey Stuart.
Stuart: Hey.
Bernadette: Sorry. Did I startle you?
Stuart: Yes, but at this point, pretty much any customer does. What can I do for you?
Bernadette: Well, I need a little help. I accidentally destroyed one of Howard’s comic books this morning, and was hoping I could replace it.
Stuart: Wow. What happened?
Bernadette: Batman got his ass kicked by my curling iron.
Stuart: Well, don’t let The Riddler know that. It’s a comic book joke. Or maybe it’s not.
Bernadette: Do you have this one?
Stuart: Uh, well, it’s, it’s pretty rare. Can you give me a few days to track it down?
Bernadette: Ooh, I was kind of hoping to get it before Howie comes home from work.
Stuart: Oh. What’s the hurry?
Bernadette: Well, he’s always saying I should be more careful with my curling iron, and it seems like a dangerous precedent to let him think he can be right.
Stuart: Well, I’ll do what I can, but I can’t make any promises.
Bernadette: You know, I do work at a pharmaceutical company. If you can make this happen today, I can hook you up with anxiety medication, antidepressants. 
Stuart: Really? Do you have any of these?
Scene: Amy’s laboratory.
Amy: Hello, Mr. Rat Brain. Not so bitey without the rest of the rat to back us up now, are we?
Howard: Anybody home?
Amy: Hey, what brings you guys here?
Raj: Well, we were just on our way to lunch and wanted to see if you’d like to join.
Amy: Why? Because Sheldon’s not here this week, and you don’t think I have any other options? I’m just kidding. I’ll get my purse.
Bert: Hi, Amy. I, oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t know you had any company.
Amy: That’s okay. Uh, Bert, this is Howard and Rajesh. Guys, this is Bert.
Howard: Hi.
Raj: Hey. Good to see you.
Bert: Anyway, I wanted to show you this tourmalinated quartzthat we got in the lab.
Amy: This is so pretty. Bert works for the geology department.
Bert: Yeah. You know what, uh, geologists and Bon Jovi have in common?
Howard: You’re both into rock?
Bert: Yeah. Well, see ya.
Amy: Oh, you forgot your quartz.
Bert: Oh, it’s okay. I want you to have it. Bye.
Amy: He’s nice.
Howard: Yeah, he’s nice because he likes you.
Amy: What?! No, he doesn’t.
Raj: He brought you a pretty rock.
Amy: So? He does that every day. Oh.
Howard: You know, if you’d rather skip lunch and hang out with your boyfriend Bert, it’s totally okay.
Amy: He’s not my boyfriend.
Raj: Are you sure? He’s tall, pale and awkward. That sounds like your type.
Amy: Should someone as lonely as you really be making fun of me?
Raj: Yeah, grow up, Howard. God.
Amy: What do I do? I don’t want to hurt his feelings.
Howard: Maybe the problem is he thinks you’re available. Does he know you’re dating Sheldon?
Amy: I guess it hasn’t come up.
Howard: There you go. 
Raj: And does Sheldon know you’re dating Sheldon?
Amy: I’m sorry. Who are you dating?
Raj: Yeah, knock it off, Howard.
Scene: The stairwell.
Penny: Oh. Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hello.
Penny: You okay?
Sheldon: I’m on vacation. What do you think?
Penny: Why are you sitting in the stairwell?
Sheldon: Leonard told me to stay.
Penny: Oh. Well, good boy.
Sheldon: Where are you going?
Penny: Oh, I have a ton of errands to run. I need to make copies of my headshot, send them off to agents and sign up for a new acting class.
Sheldon: Well, have fun.
Penny: Okay. You want to come with me?
Sheldon: Really?
Penny: Come on, boy. Come on. Let’s go. Let’s go. Get in the car. Come on.
Scene: The comic book store.
Stuart (on phone): All right, thanks a lot. They have one at Capital Comics.
Bernadette: Oh, that’s great.
Stuart: No, it’s not. I hate that place. Guy who owns it is a jerk. He’s always making me feel bad about myself.
Bernadette: Oh, that’s terrible. What’s the address?
Stuart: You know, why don’t I just take you there? That way, I can make sure he doesn’t rip you off.
Bernadette: Oh, thanks, but I don’twant you to close up. I mean, won’t you lose business? Sorry. That was mean.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Amy: Penny really quit The Cheesecake Factory?
Leonard: Yeah.
Howard: So, what is she doing today?
Leonard: I don’t know. She already thinks I don’t support this, so if I call, it might look like I’m checking up on her.
Raj: Well, do you support this?
Leonard: Of course I do. She’s a great actress. I’m proud she’s taking this risk.
Amy: That’s nice.
Leonard: You bought that? Great. I got to call her before I forget how I said it. Hey.
Penny: Hi. What’s up?
Leonard: Oh, how’s it going? You taking Hollywood by storm?
Penny: Actually, I’m at The Cheesecake Factory.
Leonard: You got your job back. That is great news. I didn’t want to say anything, but you are making the right choice. To plunge yourself into debt right now would be literally insane.
Penny: Yeah. I’m just returning my uniform.
Leonard: And I support you.
Scene: Penny’s car.
Voice: Before we begin your guided meditation, close your eyes and picture yourself in a peaceful environment.
Sheldon: Okay. I’m inside the CERN super collider.
Voice: Now, take a deep, relaxing breath in through your nose. And let it out.
Sheldon: Wow. Didn’t see that coming.
Voice: In. 
Sheldon: Let me guess.
Voice: And out.
Sheldon: What was I gonna do? Two ins in a row? Where’s my lemonade?
Penny: I didn’t get it.
Sheldon: A fitting swan song to your career as a waitress, to forget my order one last time.
Penny: Do you think quitting my job was a mistake?
Sheldon: Do you see me drinking lemonade?
Penny: No. I’m serious.
Sheldon: Why do you ask?
Penny: Because Leonard just pissed me off. Am I being an idiot or not?
Sheldon: No, I don’t think you are. 
Penny: Really?
Sheldon: The best way to achieve a goal is to devote 100% of your time and energy to it. When I decided I was going to be a physicist, I didn’t take some other job in case it didn’t work out. Which wasn’t easy because there was a lot of pressure from Ms. Pearson for me to be chalk monitor that year.
Penny: Thank you. I needed to hear that. Why can’t Leonard understand it?
Sheldon: Because he’s not like us, Penny. We’re dreamers.
Penny: Yeah, I need to start cracking the window when I leave you in the car.
Scene: Amy’s laboratory.
Bert: Hey.
Amy: Hello, Bert.
Bert: So, anyway, there’s this big, uh, rock and mineral show next week in Santa Monica.
Amy: Listen, um, Bert, before you say anything else, I, I have a boyfriend.
Bert: Oh. This is awkward. You thought I was gonna ask you to go with me to the mineral show.
Amy: Weren’t you?
Bert: Yeah.
Amy: That’s very nice of you, but I do have a boyfriend.
Bert: That’s what you all say. You just don’t want to go out with me because I have an off-putting personality.
Amy: No, that’s not true. My boyfriend has an off-putting personality, too. Like, way worse than you.
Bert: Don’t worry. I’m used to it. I mean, I’m big and weird and funny-looking and no one ever wants to do anything with me.
Amy: Don’t say that. 
Bert: It’s okay. I know I’m a monster. 
Amy: No, Bert, come on. I’d love to go to the mineral show with you.
Bert: Sweet. It’s a date.
Amy: No, it’s not.
Bert: Too late.
Scene: Capital Comics.
Bernadette: Wow.
Stuart: Yeah. Haven’t seen this many people in my store since that Korean church bus crashed through my front window.
Jesse: Hey, Stuart.
Stuart: Jesse.
Jesse: Haven’t seen you in forever. Look how grey you’ve gotten.
Stuart: My hair’s exactly the same colour as always.
Jesse: No, I was talking about your skin.
Stuart: Look, uh, my friend here needs a comic book.
Jesse: Ooh, and she went into your store by mistake. Good thing there was no one there to see you. What do you need? Oh, yeah, yeah. I got this. Right over here.
Stuart: Even you, Sweatpants?
Sweatpants: Free popcorn.
Jesse: Can I offer you a coffee? Espresso? Latte?
Bernadette: No, thanks.
Jesse: How about you, Stu? Mocha? Scone? Directions to the nearest soup kitchen?
Bernadette: Hey.
Jesse: I’m just kidding. He knows where the soup kitchen is.
Stuart: It’s on Merton Avenue.
Bernadette: I don’t think I like the way you’re treating my friend.
Jesse: Sorry. You want the book or not?
Bernadette: Not from you. Let’s go, Stuart.
Stuart: You know something, Jesse? You may have a successful business and the kind of pink complexion that comes with good nutrition, but I have something more important.
Jesse: What’s that?
Stuart: Friendship. Which I would trade in a heartbeat for all of this.
Scene: Amy’s laboratory.
Howard: The mineral and rock show? That would be awful even without Bert.
Amy: So what am I supposed to do now?
Raj: Prepare your uterus for his gigantic offspring?
Amy: This isn’t funny. I’m gonna have to tell him the truth, that even if I didn’t have a boyfriend, I wouldn’t be interested in him.
Howard: Oh, I’ve heard those words so many times. From Linda Nosenchuck, Tammy Rosenworcel.
Raj: Padma Kapur, Neha Chowdury.
Howard: Marci Grossman, Lisa Mazzarino.
Raj: Megan Pincus.
Howard: Tammy Cho.
Raj: Oh, who was that girl from our Starbucks?
Howard: Arlene Russel.
Raj: Yes. Arlene. She wrote no way on both our cappuccinos.
Howard: Poor Bert. That guy’s got a rough afternoon ahead of him.
Amy: Well, how would you want a girl to tell you she wasn’t interested?
Raj: I guess, uh, I’d like her to sit me down, look me in the eye and say, I was wrong. I love you. And then maybe she could touch me in a special way.
Howard: That’s how you reject a guy.
Amy: Okay, I don’t have time for this. I’m just gonna go find him and be brutally honest.
Howard: No, don’t.
Raj: He’ll be so upset. He’ll probably climb up the Empire State Building and start swatting at planes.
Howard: You want us to talk to him?
Amy: Really? You would do that?
Raj: Sure. We’ve both been in his shoes. We’ll let him down with compassion and respect.
Amy: Thank you.
Howard: Let’s go.
Raj: So we tell him she’s a lesbian, right?
Howard: Of course we tell him she’s a lesbian.
Scene: The apartment. Penny and Sheldon are doing yoga.
Penny: And hold three, two, one. Very good. Now let’s try Warrior 2. And hold.
Sheldon: I’ve read that there are great yogis who have such mastery over their bodies they can draw water in through their genitals.
Penny: Yeah, well, I don’t think we’re gonna get to do that today.
Sheldon: Too bad. It seems like a good way to drink a milk shake without getting brain freeze.
Leonard: Oh, hey.
Penny: And now we go to Reverse Warrior.
Leonard: How did she get you to do yoga?
Sheldon: Well, to be honest, I thought she said Yoda.
Penny: I’m helping him relax because, unlike you, he supports me.
Leonard: Oh, how many times do I have to say it? I support you.
Penny: Sheldon, take a break.
Sheldon: Namaste.
Penny: Okay, if you support me, what was with that phone call?
Leonard: Fine. I’m not sure you should have quit. But if you care so much what I think, why didn’t you ask me before you did it?
Penny: Oh, so now I need your permission? Would you have asked me before you quit your job?
Leonard: Yes. I thought we were in the kind of relationship where we make decisions together. If I’m wrong, then maybe we need to talk about the kind of relationship we’re actually in.
Penny: Yeah, well, maybe we do.
Sheldon: I’m willing to if you guys are.
Leonard: Can we please have some privacy?
Sheldon: Y, No. I’m as much a part of this relationship as you two, and I think it’s high time we put all our cards on the table. For example, where is this going? Are you two ever getting married? And, if so, where will we all live? Have you thought about that?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Penny?
Penny: Okay, wait. What are we doing?
Leonard: For some reason, we’re planning a future where we both live with Sheldon forever.
Sheldon: Good. Now we’re getting somewhere.
Penny: Look, I know you think I’m being reckless, and you might be right, but I need to take this shot.
Sheldon: Yeah, no kidding. Despite what it says on her résumé, she is no longer 22. 
Leonard: I swear, I am on your side. 
Penny: You keep saying you’re on my side, but you don’t act like it.
Sheldon: He does that to me, too. Why do we put up with it?
Leonard: Listen, I could never do what you’re doing, okay? I would be terrified.
Penny: Well, it’s scary for me, too.
Sheldon: I’m fine with it.
Leonard: My point is, just because I couldn’t do it doesn’t mean you shouldn’t. And I’m proud of you. 
Penny: Okay. Thank you.
Sheldon: Well, to celebrate this reconciliation, let’s all share a milk shake. Uh, Penny, you’ll need a straw.
Scene: Capital Comics.
Jesse: You’re back.
Bernadette: Yes, I am, there’s a few more things I want to say to you. Stuart’s store is just fine, and he’s a much nicer person than you are, and if you still have that comic, I’d like to buy it right now.
Jesse: No problem. Oh, you want a latte while you wait?
Bernadette: No, I don’t want a latte. I want a cappuccino and a blueberry scone. 
Jesse: I only have chocolate chip.
Bernadette: Well, that sounds even better.
Scene: Bert’s car.
Bert: Thanks for coming to the mineral and rock show with me.
Raj: We’re sorry Amy didn’t want to go.
Howard: Really, really sorry.
Bert: Eh. Who needs her when I have you guys? Rock show! Rock show! Rock show! Rock show! Rock show! Rock show! Rock sho-o-o-o-o-ow!
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Howard: T-minus 60 seconds.
Raj: Oh, it all comes down to this.
Leonard: Oh, I’ve got butterflies.
Sheldon: Don’t get soft on me, Hofstadter. I will slap those glasses right off your face.
Penny: What’s going on?
Leonard: Hey. We’re about to buy tickets for Comic-Con.
Penny: Oh.
Howard: T Minus 45 seconds.
Leonard: They sell out incredibly fast, but as long as one of us gets in, we can buy passes…
Sheldon: Good Lord, this is not the time for flirting, keep it in your pants.
Penny: This is a whole lot of weird before coffee.
Howard: T-minus 30 seconds.
Raj: Oh, I have to go to the bathroom so bad.
Sheldon: Every year. I told you, wear a diaper.
Raj: And I told you I get diaper rash.
Howard: 15 seconds.
Leonard: Well, this is it, this is it. This is it.
Howard: Five, four, three, two, one. 
Sheldon: It’s live. Go, go, go, go, go.
Raj: Anyone in?
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: Not yet. 
Howard: Nope.
Sheldon: Do not stop refreshing your screens.
All (repeatedly): Refresh. Refresh. Refresh….
Penny: Yeah, this is not gonna be enough coffee.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The same, shortly after.
All (repeatedly): Refresh… Refresh… Refresh…
Howard: It’s been ten minutes. We’re running out of time.
Penny: To be cool? Yeah.
Leonard: I did it, I did it, I’m in the queue.
Sheldon: Yay! And they say firefighters are the real heroes.
Raj: Uh, what number in line are you?
Leonard: Uh, fifteen…
Howard: Great.
Leonard: …thousand two hundred and eleven.
Howard: Damn.
Raj: Oh, they only have Thursday and Sunday passes left.
Howard: Really?
Leonard: Oh, Thursday’s gone. Just Sunday left.
Sheldon: Oh, Sunday’s the worst. Everybody’s leaving, most of the good panels are over, and the only T-shirts they have left are small and XXXXL.
Leonard: Sunday’s gone.
Sheldon: Not Sunday, I love Sunday.
Raj: So that’s it? Everything’s sold out?
Leonard: Yeah.
Howard: I can’t believe we’re not going.
Sheldon: It’s okay. You know, there, there’s always WonderCon in Anaheim, you know? That, that’s just as good. Excuse me.
Penny: Oh, guys, this is really sad. And in a different way than it was twenty minutes ago.
Sheldon: I can’t believe we wasted all that time on our Hulk costumes.
Penny: What? You were all going as the Hulk?
Howard: Not the same Hulk. Ferrigno, Bana, Norton and Ruffalo.
Raj: We would have been the angry green belles of the masquerade ball.
All: Yeah. 
Penny: And we’re back to the first kind of sad.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, I have the solution to our Comic-Con problem. We don’t need them. I’m starting my own convention.
Leonard: Sheldon, just buy scalped tickets with us.
Sheldon: I told you. Buying scalped tickets is against the rules. If you get caught, you get banned from Comic-Con for life. Life, Leonard. You’re gonna feel pretty silly when we’re 80 years old, and you have to drive me down there and then wait in the car for three days.
Leonard: Do what you want. We’re getting scalped tickets.
Howard: I already found a guy online who’s willing to sell.
Sheldon: How do you know this isn’t a sting operation set up by the Comic-Con police?
Leonard: The same way I know that the people in the TV set can’t see me.
Howard: Sheldon, just come with us. You’re not gonna make your own convention.
Sheldon: You know, there was a time when Comic-Con didn’t exist at all until one lone dreamer with a unique vision made it happen. And you mark my words, I’m gonna rip that guy off.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon (on phone): Yes, I’m starting my own comic book convention, and I thought that your client, Robert Downey Jr., would be perfect to appear on our first panel. Oh, well, now, why are you saying no? You haven’t even asked him yet. You know, excuse me, but I sat through Iron Man 2. I believe he owes me two hours of his time. They hung up on me.
Leonard: Did you tell them that you’re holding your convention at a Marie Callender’s, and that every panellist gets a free slice of pie?
Sheldon: I didn’t even get to that part.
Leonard: Look, even your friend Wil Wheaton thinks this is a waste of time.
Sheldon: Not true. Wil thinks this is a great idea. He was just concerned that he wasn’t a big enough celebrity to headline such an amazing event. Also, that’s the same day that he shampoos his beard.
Leonard: Sheldon, buddy, I just don’t think this is going to come together for you.
Sheldon: You don’t know that. I still have plenty of solid leads on this list.
Leonard: Good luck.
Sheldon: No, wait. I need you to call Stan Lee, Leonard Nimoy and Bill Nye the Science Guy, ’cause, legally, I’m not allowed to. Oh, and, also, Carrie Fisher, you know, ’cause I hear he can be pretty nuts.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: I can’t believe Leonard is spending hundreds of dollars on scalped tickets. 
Amy: Last week, you spent that on a little dress. 
Penny: Yeah, but those tickets only get him into Comic-Con. That dress gets me into anywhere I want.
Bernadette: Those tickets were pretty expensive. I had to give Howie an advance on his allowance. Now he’s never gonna put his toys away.
Amy: Why can’t they do something sensible like Sheldon and start their own comic book convention? Also, who wants to throw me out that window?
Bernadette: Well, while they’re acting like teenagers, we could do something grown-up.
Amy: Oh. You mean like a museum?
Penny: Yes, like a museum, but anything else.
Bernadette: Oh, I know. There’s a nice hotel not far from here where they do afternoon tea.
Amy: Ooh, afternoon tea, how sophisticated of us.
Penny: Oh, all right, if we’re gonna be fancy, I should probably put on clean underwear.
Bernadette: La-dee-da, look who has clean underwear.
Penny: No, we’re gonna stop at Target on the way.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Hey, since Sheldon’s not going to Comic-Con, maybe we could find a cool trio to dress up as.
Leonard: Mmm, what if we go as The Fantastic Four, and just tell people that the Invisible Girl is standing there with us.
Howard: Oh, and I thought our days of pretending to be with women who don’t exist were over.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, I am one step away from securing a huge guest for my convention.
Leonard: Does that step include chloroform and a roll of duct tape?
Sheldon: I don’t think that will be necessary for Mr. James Earl Jones. You heard me. The voice of Darth Vader, the Lion King’s dad, and FYI, the guy who says, This is CNN. Which also sounds like Darth Vader.
Raj: How are you gonna get James Earl Jones?
Sheldon: Simple. Earlier today, he tweeted that he’s looking forward to going to his favourite sushi restaurant for dinner. I googled an interview from four years ago which was conducted in his favourite sushi restaurant. That’s where he’ll be, and that’s where I’m going, and…
Howard: And that’s where Darth Vader’s gonna pour soy sauce on your head.
Leonard: Sheldon, I don’t care if you get scalped tickets with us or not, but please don’t be creepy and go stalking this poor guy. You’re gonna get in trouble.
Sheldon: You’re the ones who are going to get in trouble. You’re buying non-transferable tickets. And from a stranger, no less. Not only can you get banned from Comic-Con, if caught, you could be charged with petty theft. You think about that while I’m warning James Earl Jones about the danger of posting his location on Twitter. He got lucky this time. There are some weirdoes out there. (To the Imperial March theme) Bom, bom, bom, bom, badum, bom, badum. Bom, bom, bom, bom, badum, bom, badum. Bom, bom, badala, baba, badalum, bom, badala, bom, bom, forgot my keys, bom, bom, bom, bom, badum, bom, badum… 
Scene: The same, later.
Howard (on phone): Okay, great. Bye. Our friendly neighbourhood scalper says he’s running late.
Raj: Does he sound like a criminal?
Howard: What do you mean?
Raj: You know, did he say things like, youse guys, or, listen here, see?
Leonard: Yes. He, he’s late because he’s on his way here from 1940.
Raj: I’m just saying, we don’t know who this guy is. What if he wants to steal our money or our kidneys, or make a suit outof our skins?
Howard: Why would someone want to make clothes out of your skin?
Raj: I don’t know. Maybe ’cause dark doesn’t show the stains?
Leonard: Well, now you’re making me wonder if we should have met him at a neutral location.
Howard: Why do you think I told him to come to your place?
Scene: Hotel tea room.
Amy: There sure are a lot of little kids here.
Penny: I can’t believe we thought this would makes us feel grown up.
Bernadette: I can’t believe the waiter thought I was your daughter.
Amy: Well, last time I got dressed up and had tea was when I was five. Just me, my teddy bear, Raggedy Ann and my hamster. 
Bernadette: That’s cute.
Amy: It was. Till my hamster ate all her babies. It got less cute really fast.
Bernadette: Should we leave?
Penny: Well, there’s a bar in the lobby.
Bernadette: I could go for a drink.
Amy: Aw. Drinking in the afternoon, just like her mommy.
Scene: A sushi restaurant.
James Earl Jones: Let me guess. You like Star Wars. You know, I’ve been in other movies. But you don’t care about those, do you? I have one thing to say to people like you. I like Star Wars, too. Care to join me?
Sheldon: Thank you. My friend Leonard said if I bothered you while you were eating, you’d think I was a creepy stalker.
James Earl Jones: Well, your friend Leonard sounds like a real weenie.
Sheldon: He is, Mr. Earl Jones, he is.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Okay, so, I’m on a Comic-Con message board, and there’s a post from a guy where he says he got caught using someone else’s badge, and Sheldon was right, he did get charged with petty theft. Guys, if I go to jail dressed as the Human Torch, that might send the wrong message.
Leonard: Maybe this isn’t a good idea.
Howard: I can text the guy and tell him we changed our minds.
Raj: Do it.
Howard: Okay. We’re officially not going to Comic-Con.
Leonard: Hold on. We always do this. 
Howard: Do what?
Leonard: Chicken out. We’re, we’re so afraid of getting into trouble that we never do anything wrong.
Raj: That’s ’cause we’re the good guys.
Leonard: Even Batman breaks the rules. 
Raj: You know I struggle with Batman.
Leonard: I say, this one time, instead of wimping out, let’s be badasses.
Raj: Okay, I’ll be a badass, but only if you pinky-swear to be one, too.
Leonard: Howard, you in on this?
Howard: No need. I’m breaking rules all the time. 
Leonard: Name one.
Howard: Last night. Drank my Pepto straight out of the bottle.
Raj: What about that little cup they give you?
Howard: Yeah. What about it?
Raj: Are you impressed by that?
Leonard: A little.
Raj: Yeah, me, too.
Scene: The sushi restaurant.
James: You know, when I first read the script for Empire Strikes Back and Darth Vader told Luke he was his father, I thought for sure he was lying.
Sheldon: Me, too. But he wasn’t, was he?
James: He was not. How messed up was that?
Sheldon: So messed up.
James: What do you say let’s go have some fun? My wife’s in New York, and I got a Lion King residual cheque burning a hole in my pocket.
Scene: The hotel bar.
Penny: So, afternoon tea was a bust.
Amy: On the bright side, every six-year-old there was jealous of my tiara. Not gonna lie, it felt good.
Penny: Let me ask you a question, when did you guys start feeling grown up? ‘Cause I am not sure I do.
Bernadette: Honestly, I thought when I got married I would, but I still kind of feel like I’m pretending. It doesn’t help that most of my clothes come from Gap Kids.
Penny: Okay, so I’m an adult, and the other day I saw an old man slip and fall down, and I laughed. I mean, I laughed hard. Like, like, out loud. If he was conscious, he would’ve heard me.
Amy: Gosh.
Penny: I know. One of the tennis balls came off his walker and bounced right off his head. I mean, I, I almost wet myself. I guess you had to be there.
Amy: I think I have you both beat. Imagine trying to feel like a grown-up when you’ve never even been with a man.
Penny: Okay, sex is not what makes you a grown-up.
Bernadette: Yeah. Or you’d be the oldest one here.
Penny: Really? Is that how you talk to your mother?
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: He just parked. He’s on his way up.
Leonard: Good. This is exciting.
Raj: It is. I feel alive.
Leonard: Yeah. What if we do get caught, who cares? So we get banned from Comic-Con.
Raj: Maybe slapped with a fine.
Howard: Oh, no. I’d be an astronaut and a bad boy, how will women keep their pants on?
Raj: Uh, maybe it’ll come up when I apply for citizenship. Oh, crap, what if it comes up when I apply for citizenship? 
Leonard: I wonder if we’d have to disclose something like this when we apply for grants.
Raj: He’s gonna be here any second, what should we do?
Howard: Okay, you guys are such babies. I’ll handle this. If he thinks we’re not home, he’ll go away.
Raj: I thought you were a badass.
Howard: I lied about the Pepto, I always use the little cup.
Scene: An ice cream parlour.
Sheldon: Is it true, as a child, you were a stutterer and were functionally mute for eight years?
James: It is true.
Sheldon: Oh. Is it true they used scuba gear to create the sound of Darth Vader breathing?
James: They sure did.
Sheldon: Oh. Is it true that you were pre-med in college and you almost became a doctor?
James: That’s right.
Sheldon: Oh, James, I could listen to your stories all night.
Scene: The hotel bar.
Penny: I mean, really, what’s so great about being grown up?
Bernadette: Well, for starters, we’d be splitting this check three ways.
Penny: I’m serious. Who wants to do all that stuff? Have insurance, pay mortgages, leave one of those little notes when you hit a parked car.
Amy: I told you it was Penny.
Penny: Oh, come on, it wasn’t me. Anyone could have knocked your mirror off, or whatever happened.
Amy: Maybe the guys are right. I mean, we spent the whole night trying to be mature, and it was kind of boring. I’m sure they’re having more fun than we are.
Scene: The apartment. Banging on door.
Howard: Oh, God, I could really use exactly two tablespoons of Pepto right now.
Scene: A big wheel.
Sheldon: Hey, Los Angeles. I’m on a Ferris Wheel with Darth Vader. And he’s nicer than you think.
James: I am.
Scene: A karaoke bar.
Sheldon: In the jungle, the mighty jungle, the lion sleeps tonight…
James: Ah-wimoweh, ah-wimoweh…
Sheldon: Bring it home, Mufasa. Eee, eee, eee, eee, eee, um, um-a-weh.
James: Ah-wimoweh, ah-wimoweh…
Sceme: Outside a house.
Sheldon: I don’t understand what we’re doing.
James: Shh.
Sheldon: Whose house is this?
James: Carrie Fisher. And she’s a little crazy, so get ready to run. (Rings doorbell)
Carrie Fisher: It’s not funny anymore, James.
James: Then why am I laughing?
Scene: A sauna.
James: Ah, Sheldon, this is the perfect end to a perfect night.
Sheldon: Okay. But I think it could have ended with the karaoke.
James: What were you trying to ask me at the strip club?
Sheldon: Oh. How much does it cost to get them off my lap?
James: No. Something about a convention.
Sheldon: Oh, right. Well, my friends and I couldn’t get into Comic-Con this year, and I was trying to start my own convention, and I was going to ask if you would be a panelist.
James: Why don’t you and your friends come to Comic-Con with me?
Sheldon: Really?
James: Of course. And San Diego is right across the border from my favorite city on Earth, Tijuana, where I’m taking you every night. 
Sheldon: Ay-yi-yi. 
James: Ay-yi-yi, bang-bang.
Scene: The same, later.
James: So, Beau Bridges is on my shoulders, and Jeff Bridges is on Marlon Brando’s shoulders, and remember, we do not have permission to be in the pool… hey, Sheldon, wake up. And Angie Dickinson is about to sic the dogs on us, and I go under the water and Marlon goes under the water, and the water raises about two feet and sloshes all over her patio, and the dogs freak out and run like hell, and then we run like hell. Oh, boy, that was a lot of fun.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, who’s Angie Dickinson?
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Item 28, your pet name for me. Time’s running out on this. You need to make a decision.
Sheldon: I submitted you a notarised list. 
Amy: I’m sorry, but Gollum and Flakey are not acceptable.
Sheldon: Well, you don’t like Princess Corncob, you don’t like Fester, you’re just impossible to please.
Amy: We’ll come back to that one. This brings us to the final item in our annual State of the Relationship Summit. Item 29, Valentine’s Day.
Sheldon: Ah, the worst for last. Hmm. Classic Flakey.
Amy: Before you get upset, I believe I’ve come up with a way for us to celebrate the occasion that we both can enjoy.
Sheldon: People usually start a meeting with a joke, but you go ahead, end with one.
Amy: I propose we spend a weekend at a bed-and-breakfast in Napa Valley.
Sheldon: I hate every word in that sentence. Including in, at, we and a.
Amy: Come on, Sheldon. Why not?
Sheldon: For starters, a bed-and-breakfast forces you to eat with strangers at your table.
Amy: One step ahead of you, Bernadette and Wolowitz are going with us.
Sheldon: Oh, very well. What are the sleeping arrangements? We’ve only been dating for three years. If we were to share a room, people might talk.
Amy: I got you your own room. 
Sheldon: What if my room has a claw-foot bathtub?
Amy: It doesn’t. I know it makes you feel like you’re bathing inside a monster.
Sheldon: Look, I appreciate the effort, but I’m still unclear how this trip is supposed to be enjoyable for me.
Amy: We’re going to have Valentine’s Day dinner on a fully functioning vintage train.
Sheldon: Vintage? Be specific.
Amy: An Alcoa FA-4 diesel locomotive leading a train of meticulously restored 1915 Pullman first-class coaches.
Sheldon: Wow. I’m feeling the urge to hug you. And one, and two, all right, Gollum, we’re good.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Bernadette: Are you sure you guys don’t want to come with us to Napa? You could probably still get a room.
Penny: No, I think we’re just gonna have a quiet weekend at home.
Leonard: Plus, I’m not sure it’s a great idea to take Penny to where wine comes from. What? It’s a joke. Oh, come on. We bust on each other. I wear dorky glasses, you might have a problem, it’s all for laughs.
Penny: That would really piss me off if I didn’t have a buzz going on.
Sheldon: Howard, which pocket watch will you be wearing for dinner on the train?
Howard: I’m sorry, what?
Sheldon: Oh, I’m afraid if we wear the same pocket watch, it will be embarrassing.
Howard: I don’t own a pocket watch.
Sheldon: Oh, my. Well, then my apologies for bringing up this sore spot.
Raj: Since you two are gonna be around for Valentine’s, would you mind watching Cinnamon?
Penny: You have Valentine’s plans? Which came out sounding way more surprised than I meant. Here, let me try that again. You have Valent… See? I can’t do it.
Raj: I don’t have plans which is why I booked time on the big telescope that night.
Amy: Well, an evening looking at the stars, that’s still kind of romantic.
Raj: Except I’ll be alone.
Amy: I’m trying to put lipstick on a pig here. Work with me.
Leonard: We’d be happy to watch Cinnamon.
Penny: Yeah.
Raj: Thank you. Oh, and I’d like for at least one of us to see some action, so if you guys happen to have sex, it’s cool if she stays in the room.
Penny: Hey, same goes for the two of you with Amy.
Scene: The Pullman dining car.
Amy: What do you think, Sheldon?
Sheldon: It’s magnificent. This is going to be the best Valentine’s Day ever.
Amy: I’m so glad you like it.
Sheldon: I’m prepared to say I love it, as soon as I confirm there are no hobos aboard.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard (on phone): Okay. Raj, I got it. Bye. (To Cinnamon) That was your daddy. He wanted me to say that he misses… Why am I doing this?
Penny: Happy Valentine’s Day.
Leonard: Ooh, flowers and chocolates? Somebody’s trying to get me out of my panties.
Penny: Don’t be surprised if you find five chocolates missing and three gross coconut ones with a bite taken out. It came that way when I bought it.
Leonard: Got you a little something, too.
Penny: Aw, jewellery. Oh, my God, Lakers tickets?
Leonard: It gets better. Instead of me, you can take someone who will actually enjoy it.
Penny: Aw. You are the best boyfriend ever.
Leonard: Thank you. Seriously, please don’t make me go.
Penny: Should we take this little party to the bedroom?
Leonard: Mm, don’t have to, we have the whole place to ourselves.
Penny: Oh, that’s true. 
Leonard: In fact, if you want, we can do it right here on Sheldon’s spot.
Penny: That is the least sexy thing anyone’s ever said to me.
Leonard: To the bedroom.
Penny: Yeah.
Scene: The dining car.
Waiter: And for the entrée, tonight’s special is a seafood risotto. Do you have any questions?
Sheldon: Uh, I do. Uh, does this train car have the original link-and-pin coupler or the Miller Hook and Platform?
Waiter: I’m sorry, I meant questions about the food.
Sheldon: Oh, of course. Um, is the seafood risotto being served on a train car with the original link-and-pin coupler or the Miller Hook and Platform?
Amy: Uh, I think we’re gonna need a minute.
Man in seat behind: Fun fact, it’s neither. They actually use the AAR type E coupler. If you listen carefully when the locomotive disconnects, you’ll hear the characteristic click-pshht-thunk of the knuckle.
Sheldon: Get out of town.
Howard: Fun fact, I’m gonna jump off this train.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Hey, Cinnamon, guess who just did it human style.
Penny: Oh, my God.
Leonard: It’s a little late, but I’ll take it.
Penny: No, Cinnamon ate the chocolates. That’s really bad for dogs.
Leonard: Oh, crap. What are we gonna do?
Penny: We gotta get her to a vet right now.
Leonard: I don’t have a vet. I have a podiatrist, an optometrist, an allergist, a dermatologist, a urologist. You’d think I’d have a vet.
Penny: Okay. There’s one not far from here. Come on. Let’s go.
Leonard: Okay. Koothrappali was right. We should have let her watch.
Scene: The dining car.
Sheldon: Do another one, do another one.
Man: Okay. Here’s my impression of the Amtrak Acela barreling down the Eastern Corridor. Wch-wch-wch-wch-shhhh. Wch-wch-wch-wch-shhhh. Wch-wch-wch-wch-shhhh. 
Sheldon: It’s like there’s a train in your mouth. Howard: Oh, yeah. I’ve got one. Um, the Amtrak Wolverine coming into Chicago. Bwch-wch-wch-wch-wch-wch, bwch-wch-wch-wch-wch-wch. Ooo-ooo.
Man: I’ve been on that train. And I just was again.
Amy: See if you guys can guess this one. Bang. Splat. Thud.
Sheldon: How many trains have you been on?
Man: Tons. A box fell on my head at UPS six years ago. Now I just collect disability and ride trains.
Sheldon: Wow. Your life’s amazing.
Man: Not always. A box fell on my head at UPS six years ago. Now I just collect disability and ride trains.
Amy: Why do I even try?
Bernadette: I’m gonna fix this right now.
Howard: Okay. Just make it look like an accident.
Bernadette: Excuse me. You are at Valentine’s dinner with your girlfriend. Now get back over there and be with her.
Sheldon: You’re right. That was insensitive of me. I have to go back to my table now. You should join us.
Man: All right.
Bernadette: Great. Now there’s two of ’em.
Scene: A vet’s surgery.
Lady Vet: How much chocolate did she eat?
Penny: A whole box.
Leonard: Well, to be fair, you ate a lot of it before you gave it to me. 
Penny: So the point is I may have saved her life.
Vet: I’m sorry, is this a joke to you?
Leonard: No. Maybe to her.
Vet: How big a box of chocolate was it?
Penny: Uh, something like this. I don’t know. It came free with a full tank of gas.
Leonard: Really? Do you know how much those Lakers tickets were?
Penny: Do you know how much gas is?
Vet: Hey.
Penny: Sorry.
Leonard: Sorry.
Raj: Oh, my God, Cinnamon, are you okay? I can’t believe you two. You do whatever it takes to save her life. If she needs new organs, I’ll buy any dog necessary and scrap them for parts.
Vet: You’re the owner?
Raj: Owner, father, soul mate, and if anything happens to her, your worst nightmare.
Vet: Well, she’s not throwing up, which is a good sign. So, I’m gonna take her in back, put her on fluids and give her something to absorb the toxins. 
Raj: Okay. Okay, thank you. Oh, if she’s scared, you can sing to her. She likes Katy Perry. Oh, but don’t do Firework, that gets her all riled up.
Vet: Got it. Should have been a dentist.
Scene: The dining car.
Man: Okay, what was the best four-ten-four U.S. Locomotive ever built?
Sheldon: Trick question. There never was one.
Man: Or was there? 
Sheldon: What?
Man: In 1944, the Pacific Railroad built number 6131, which rearranged the drivers and cylinders, solving the problem of the Q-1, creating a duplex-drive four-four-six-four.
Sheldon: In what world is a four-four-six-four a four-ten-four? 
Howard: A world I don’t want to live in. Seriously, I no longer want to live in this world.
Man: Hold on to your conductor’s hat. You crank the second and third axles, creating a pair of internal connecting rods, and boom, four-ten-four. If you think about it, the Q-2 was like the four-ten-four America never made.
Sheldon: I may never stop thinking about it. Amy, what are the odds we run into this guy?
Waiter: Better than you think.
Man: You know, if you ask nicely, they’ll let you visit the engine room.
Sheldon: I never want this day to end.
Amy: It’s feeling like it never will.
Sheldon: Come on.
Man: Hey, did I tell you what happened to me at UPS?
Scene: The vets surgery.
Raj: As if Valentine’s Day wasn’t bad enough, you try to kill my dog? And with cheap chocolate, no less?
Penny: It wasn’t cheap. It was free.
Leonard: We’re really sorry. It was an accident.
Penny: Yeah, we weren’t even out of the room that long.
Leonard: Oh, no, come on. It was a while. It was a while.
Raj: Oh, is Cinnamon gonna be okay?
Vet: She’s responding well. We just want to keep her a little longer for observation.
Raj: All right. Uh, would, would it be okay for me to see her? We’re usually in bed by now, and I want her to know that I’m here. Yes, we sleep together, and sometimes we spoon.
Vet: It’s okay. I sleep with my dog, too. We’re not supposed to let people in back, but I think I can make an exception.
Raj: Thank you.
Vet: Come on. By the way, I sang her Katy Perry.
Raj: Oh, yeah?
Vet: And I don’t care what that obnoxious parrot back there says. I crushed it.
Penny: I think there’s something going on between the two of them.
Leonard: Maybe, but you also think nine minutes isn’t a while, so what do you know?
Scene: The dining car.
Howard: You okay?
Amy: Why? Because my boyfriend’s off playing choo-choo with some weirdo?
Howard: Well, to be fair, they’re both weirdos.
Amy: I don’t know what made me think tonight would be any different.
Bernadette: Well, just the fact that you got him up here still says a lot. To be honest, I bet Howie 200
bucks it wasn’t gonna happen.
Howard: I’m going to the Lego store to get a big-ass R2-D2.
Bernadette: See? It’s not just Sheldon. They’re all idiots.
Howard: She’s right. 
Bernadette: So, your boyfriend’s a fixer-upper. Most of them are. I mean, look at this guy. You think he came like this? When I met him, he was a hot, goofy mess. Now, he’s been to space. That’s all me.
Howard: I had a little to do with it.
Bernadette: Oh, sure you did. Who’s Mama’s big space man?
Howard: I am.
Scene: The vets surgery.
Leonard: They’ve been in there, like, half an hour.
Penny: Yeah, for future reference, that’s a while.
Leonard: How long should we stay?
Penny: I don’t know. I’m kind of hungry.
Leonard: I saw a Thai place next door.
Penny: Oh. Okay. Oh. Oh. Hey.
Leonard: How’s she doing?
Penny: How is everything?
Leonard: Yeah.
Raj: She’s gonna be okay; they’re gonna let me take her home.
Penny: Oh, good.
Vet: So I want you to keep a close eye on her for the next 24 hours. Here are a few warning signs to look out for, and if you see any of them, don’t hesitate to call.
Raj: Oh. Thank you for taking such good care of my little girl.
Vet: My pleasure. Have a nice night.
Leonard: Yes, thank you for all your help.
Penny: Yeah. I’m sorry if you didn’t think we were taking it seriously. We love animals.
Vet: Oh, do you guys own any pets?
Penny: No.
Vet: Good.
Scene: The dining car.
Howard: I love you so much.
Bernadette: I love you, too.
Howard: Sorry.
Bernadette: Sorry.
Man: You guys missed a pretty great time. 
Sheldon: The conductor and I have the same pocket watch. 
Man: It was crazy. 
Sheldon: Dare I say loco? Oh, and, Amy, guess what? The conductor said as soon as he gets off work, he can come back to the bed and breakfast and play his banjo for us.
Amy: Okay. I need to speak to my boyfriend in private, like, right now.
Howard: There’s a car with a glass roof. Want to go look at the stars?
Bernadette: Oh, that sounds so romantic.
Amy: Oh, give it a rest.
Bernadette: Let’s go.
Amy: Why are you still here?
Sheldon: Excuse me. I think you’re being a little rude.
Amy: I’m being rude? You’ve been rude to me this entire evening.
Sheldon: How is that possible? I’ve hardly spoken to you since we got on the train.
Man: I’m detecting a little friction between you two, and I don’t want to be a third rail. Get it?
Sheldon: I get it.
Amy: Leave.
Sheldon: What is your problem?
Amy: It’s Valentine’s Day. We’re supposed to be having a romantic weekend.
Sheldon: Oh, really? Because I remember you saying that this trip was going to be something we could both enjoy. Did you mean that, or were you just trying to trick me?
Amy: Fine, it’s true. I deserve romance, and I didn’t know how else to make it happen.
Sheldon: Well, if you want romance, then let’s have romance. Oh, look, there’s wine. Mmm. Grape juice that burns. Uh, now let’s gaze into each other’s eyes, hmm? You blinked. I win.
Amy: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Let’s see. What’s next? Oh, kissing’s romantic.
Amy: That was nice.
Sheldon: Good. Um, the conductor said if I come back to the engine room, he’d show me how to bring the train through a crossing.
Amy: Okay, have fun.
Sheldon: Do you want to come with me?
Amy: Really? I do.
Man: Hey, guys, wait up.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj: There you go. All cozy wozy. Here, let’s see what the doctor says to keep an eye out for. Hmm. Rajesh, I was dreading Valentine’s Day. Thank you for spending it with me. Yvette. Cinnamon, she-she gave me her phone number. If I’d known it was that easy, I would have considered poisoning you months ago. Oh, what should I say? Oh, I know. I’ll point out her name’s Yvette, and that she’s a vet. That’s hysterical. She’ll love it.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hello.
Leonard: Oh, hey. You’re back. How was your trip?
Sheldon: It was wonderful. 
Leonard: Great. What did you do?
Sheldon: I made a new friend who likes trains as much as I do, uh, I kissed Amy on the lips, and, uh, the conductor played his banjo for me. Good night.
Leonard: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I’m gonna need more details.
Sheldon: Oh, well, my new friend’s name was Eric. Um, Amy lips tasted like the brownie we had for dessert. Oh, and the banjo-playing conductor was missing a finger, but he made up for it with his can-do attitude.
Leonard: No, hang on. Hang on. Are all those things equal to you?
Sheldon: Hmm. It never occurred to me to pick a favourite.
Leonard: Well, give it a go.
Sheldon: I can’t answer that without collecting additional data.
Leonard: Additional data. You dog.
Sheldon: I’m not sure how listening to other nine-fingered banjo players makes me dog, but all right.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment
Howard: I’m thinking about growing a goatee.
Raj: Oh, actually that’s a Van Dyke. A goatee is just hair on the chin.
Leonard: Oh. Wait, then what is it if you just have hair up here?
Raj: You mean a moo-stache?
Leonard: Moo-stache.
Howard: He said it.
Raj: Ha-ha, very funny. Make fun of the foreign guy. For your information, there are four times as many Indians as there are Americans, so the way we say it is right.
Howard: Say what?
Raj: Moo-stache.
Leonard: Moo-stache.
Howard: He said it.
Bernadette: Guys, you’re being childish.
Sheldon: Yeah, she’s right. You’re grown men, the kind who are perfectly capable of growing your own moo-staches.
Amy: Hey, you were funny on purpose, good job.
Penny: Hi. Sorry I’m late, I was at an audition.
Leonard: Oh, I’m sorry.
Sheldon: You’ll get ’em next time.
Penny: How about instead of assuming I failed, you ask me how it went?
Leonard: Sorry. How did it go?
Penny: Just shut up.
Raj: Here, you can have your seat.
Penny: No, no, no, stay there. I’m fine on the floor.
Bernadette: Have you guys ever thought about getting a dining room table?
Amy: Yeah. You actually do have room for one up there.
Raj: Oh, sure, I sit on the floor for years, no one cares. The pretty white girl’s there ten seconds, and suddenly we’re all running to IKEA.
Sheldon: No one is running anywhere. We’re not getting a dining room table.
Leonard: I know you don’t like change, but it’s not a terrible idea.
Penny: Yeah, you guys never use that space up there. Why not get a table?
Sheldon: Do you want the long answer or the short answer?
Howard: Hey, how come we never get that option?
Sheldon: Chaos theory suggests that even in a deterministic system, if the equations describing its behaviour are non-linear, a tiny change in the initial conditions can lead to a cataclysmic and unpredictable result.
Penny: Translation?
Leonard: Waah. I don’t want a table.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Hey, Penny and I are gonna go shop for a dining room table. You want to come with us?
Sheldon: You know, I’d love to, but, um, I’m too busy falling back in love with Windows 98.
Leonard: Seriously? You haven’t used this desk in years. The second I want to get rid of it, you’re up here working?
Sheldon: I can’t talk right now, I have several thousand updates to install.
Leonard: Are you really gonna sit here all day?
Sheldon: Think of me as Arthur Dent in Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, lying in front of the bulldozers to protect his home.
Leonard: If you’ll recall, the Vogon fleet blew up the Earth anyway.
Sheldon: It’s a made-up story, Leonard, I don’t even know why you’re talking about it.
Leonard: I’m putting all this stuff in storage. We don’t need any of it.
Sheldon: You, how can you say that? You show me one thing in here we can live without.
Leonard: Oh, hang on. Check your in-box.
Sheldon: Wait. Is this really worth it? We’ve lived together for years with nary an argument.
Leonard: Huh?
Sheldon: But we start talking about a table, and suddenly we’re at each other’s throats.
Leonard: Nary an argument? Nary?
Sheldon: Well, that means not one, or not any. Maybe instead of a table, you should buy a dictionary. Well, I don’t know if I won that, but at least he’s upset.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: Check it out.
Raj: Magic wand TV remote?
Howard: Yeah, I can control all sorts of stuff.
Raj: Did Bernadette think it was cool?
Howard: Not when I said mute and pointed it at her face.
Raj: Oh, uh, let me try. Uh, channelis changeroni. This might be my second favorite brown magic wand.
Howard: Well, that’s the last time I play with that. (Phone rings) I have to take this. Hello? 00:04:24,137
Raj: Uh, off. And on. And the Oprah Network. This is so much better than watching TV like a muggle.
Howard: Okay. Thank you. We’ll be in touch. You’re not gonna believe this.
Raj: What’s going on? Oh. Wait. On. And off. What’s going on?
Howard: That was NASA. They want me to go back up to the space station.
Raj: Wow. What did you tell them?
Howard: I told them I’d be honoured.
Raj: A second trip to space, I’ll miss you.
Howard: And I’m gonna miss you, too.
Raj: And I just want you to know, I’m happy to look in on Bernadette while you’re gone.
Howard: Thank you.
Raj: And if anything were to happen to you, we will name our first born son Howard. I’m just kidding. We’ll name him Dalib, after my grandfather.
Scene: A furniture store.
Penny: Ooh, this one looks nice.
Leonard: No. Sheldon doesn’t like reclaimed wood.
Penny: Why not?
Leonard: He’s afraid the original owners will come back.
Penny: Yeah. Well, Sheldon’s not here.
Leonard: Well, he is here. So unless you want to dig him out with a bone saw and a melon baller, there’s nothing I can do about it.
Penny: All right, sweetie, you’re paying for this table, and it’s your apartment, too.
Leonard: I know, but…
Penny: No buts. You got to stop letting him boss you around.
Leonard: You’re right. I mean, he decides what TV shows we watch, what food we eat, who my favourite hobbit is. I wanted Frodo, but we can’t both have Frodo, so guess who’s stuck with Samwise Gamgee.
Penny: See? Right there. You’re a grown man, you should be able to pick whichever hobbit you want. Wish you wouldn’t, but one problem at a time.
Leonard: You make a lot of sense. I like this table, and I’m getting it.
Penny: Really? This one?
Leonard: That one? Damn right I like that one.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Bernadette: Hey.
Howard: Good news. Someone in this room gets to take a ride on a rocket.
Bernadette: Fine. Can I at least shower first?
Howard: No, not that. Although you already agreed to it, so no take-backs.
Bernadette: What are you talking about?
Howard: Sit down. NASA called. The telescope mount I installed on the space station got damaged, and they want me to go back up and fix it.
Bernadette: Wow. Well, what did you say?
Howard: What do you think I said? I said yes. Why do you look surprised?
Bernadette: Well, it’s just, after last time, I didn’t think you’d ever want to go back.
Howard: Are you kidding? It was the greatest experience of my life.
Bernadette: Really? ‘Cause I kind of remember a lot of complaining and wishing for it to be over.
Howard: I think you have me confused with what’s gonna happen when you get out of that shower.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Hey, all set. What do you think? There’s plenty of room for everybody, a view out the window.
Sheldon: My spot on the couch has a great view of a window. Sometimes I can see space battles through it. It’s called a TV.
Penny: Give it a chance, Sheldon, you might actually like it.
Sheldon: You’re absolutely right. Nope.
Penny: Well, you can’t say he didn’t give it a fair shot.
Sheldon: So, when can we get rid of it?
Leonard: We’re not.
Sheldon: What about the roommate agreement? It specifically states that any changes in furnishing have to be approved by the Furnishing Committee. Which only sits on alternate years. Yeah, and by the way, it sits over there.
Penny: Come on, that is ridiculous.
Leonard: She’s right, a committee that important should meet more often.
Penny: That’s not what I’m saying.
Leonard: Oh. This is the thing about me standing up to him and not letting him run my life?
Penny: Yes.
Leonard: That.
Sheldon: Okay. I think we’ve found the problem here. It’s not the table at all. It’s you.
Penny: Me?
Leonard: Well, it’s always me, take one for the team.
Sheldon: I have spent years turning this lump of clay into an acceptable conduit for my will, and then you came along and reshaped him, with your newfangled ideas and your fancy genitals.
Penny: Are you gonna let him talk to me like this?
Leonard: Fancy sounds like a compliment.
Penny: Okay, I have not tried to change Leonard. That’s just what happens in relationships. Look how much Amy’s changed you.
Sheldon: That’s not true.
Penny: Oh, please. When I first met you, you were incapable of touching another human being. Now you’re holding hands, you’re going on dates, you even made out with her on a train.
Sheldon: She told you?
Penny: Of course she told me, it’s the most interesting thing that’s ever happened to her in her entire life.
Leonard: You’re too close to it, but Amy has had a huge impact on you.
Sheldon: You’re right. Without realizing it, I’ve allowed that woman to alter my personality.
Leonard: Mm, Sheldon, you didn’t have a personality, you just had some shows you liked.
Sheldon: No. No, I’ve changed. Like the frog who’s put in a pot of water that’s heated so gradually he doesn’t realize he’s boiling to death.
Penny: Or you’re the frog who’s been kissed by a princess and turned into a prince.
Leonard: Or you’re just a tall, annoying frog.
Sheldon: Excuse me. I have to break up with my girlfriend.
Penny: Oh, Sheldon, wait.
Sheldon: No. You’ve opened my eyes to the truth. Amy has made me a more affectionate, open-minded person. And that stops now.
Leonard: Well, we should call her.
Penny: Yeah, mm-hmm. Amy, it’s Penny. Hey. Just a little heads-up. Leonard bought a dining room table. Yeah. Sheldon’s breaking up with you.
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? I’ll get right to the point. I think we need to end this relationship, so just sign this with your finger, and, uh, please don’t cry on my iPad, I didn’t get AppleCare.
Amy: I’m not surprised you want to end the relationship. I’m a little surprised you didn’t get AppleCare. Anyway, enjoy your life. Where do I sign?
Sheldon: At the bottom. I must say, I’m relieved you’re not making more of a scene out of this.
Amy: Oh, I’ve already moved on. Besides, this breakup has nothing to do with me.
Sheldon: It doesn’t?
Amy: Of course not. This is just Leonard trying to take the focus off that dreadful table by sowing discord in our relationship. He’s manipulating you like he always does.
Sheldon: Wait, wait, now, hang on. You think he manipulates me?
Amy: All the time. And he knew that, as your girlfriend, I wasn’t gonna stand by and let him bring a table into your apartment. I mean, a table? Come on?
Sheldon: It is hideous.
Amy: Well, thankfully, I won’t have to see it, ’cause I won’t be your girlfriend anymore. Amy Farrah Fowler. Why, yes, I would like to take a survey.
Sheldon: Wait. You were really gonna stand by me against the dining room table?
Amy: Of course I was.
Sheldon: Wait. How do I know that you’re not manipulating me right now?
Amy: I think if I were manipulating you, you’d be smart enough to see it.
Sheldon: How do I know you’re not saying that as part of the manipulation?
Amy: I think you’d be smart enough to see that, too.
Sheldon: Okay. I’m sorry I gave you such a hard time, I just had to be sure.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Raj: It’s pretty exciting that NASA wants to send Howard back up.
Bermadette: Yeah, exciting. Can I ask you something?
Raj: Course.
Bernadette: He hated that entire experience. Does it make me an awful wife if I don’t think he should do it again?
Raj: Not at all. He’s forgotten how miserable he was the entire time he was up there. It’s like me in those moments when I miss India.
Bernadette: So you’ll talk to him?
Raj: Why me?
Bernadette: Well, I’m his wife, I don’t want to ruin it for him.
Raj: That’s the dynamic, I’m the fun one, you’re the buzzkill.
Bernadette: Since when am I the buzzkill?
Raj: Do you think this is cool?
Bernadette: No, I think it’s stupid.
Raj: Aha.
Bernadette: You’re right, it’s great.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hello.
Leonard: Oh, hey. You guys didn’t break up.
Sheldon: No. Sorry to disappoint you, but Amy pointed out that you were only trying to manipulate me.
Amy: Which you also figured out by yourself.
Sheldon: Which I also figured out by myself.
Penny: Well, I’m glad you’re still together.
Sheldon: Yeah, okay, you can stop trying to make this about our relationship.
Amy: Which is stronger than ever.
Sheldon: Which is stronger than ever. This is about you trying to change my environment, which was perfect the way it was.
Howard: But it got the way it was through change. The-the-the spot that you love to sit in, that no one else can sit in, only exists because, despite your objections. I bought this couch. Me. So explain why that change was bad and this change was good.
Sheldon: Um.
Amy: You don’t need to explain yourself to him.
Sheldon: I don’t need to explain myself to you!
Amy: You’re sick of his nonsense and ready to move in with me.
Sheldon: Keep the table. We don’t use that space.
Amy: Damn it, I got cocky.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: Hey, Bernie. I’m home. Hello.
Bernadette: Hi, honey.
Howard: What’s going on?
Bernadette: Maybe you should have a seat.
Howard: Um, okay. I know my mom’s not dead, there’d be balloons.
Raj: Um, okay. First off, know that we all love you and cherish you.
Mike Rostenkowski: Well, I wouldn’t…
Bernadette: Daddy.
Mike R: You’re great.
Mike Massimino (on skype): Can I say something?
Raj: Oh, of course.
Mike M: Hey, Fruit Loops.
Howard: Massimino? Why are you here?
Mike M: Well, I heard you were thinking about going back up to the space station, and as someone who’s been there with you, well, you know how astronauts need to have the right stuff?
Howard: Sure.
Mike M: The stuff you have is wrong.
Howard: You don’t think I did a good job up there?
Mike M: You did a fine job. It’s just, you were scared and miserable the whole time.
Bernadette: I think what we’re all trying to say is, you don’t seem to be remembering how traumatic the experience was for you.
Raj: Like how women often forget the pain of childbirth.
Mike R: Like a woman. Great analogy.
Howard: Fine, maybe I was a little scared.
Mike M: You peed in your space suit.
Howard: You’re supposed to do that.
Mike M: Not during the fitting.
Mike R: Son, do I need to remind you what you asked me to do before you went up last time?
Howard: Hang on. That was just me joking around.
Mike R: You wanted me to shoot you in the foot.
Howard: Come on, how is that not a joke? You got to get me out of this. Shoot me in the foot.
Bernadette: Don’t forget all the other astronauts picking on you.
Raj: And how you threw up in zero gravity, and it floated back in your mouth. And you threw up again. And so on and so on.
Mike M: That was funny.
Howard: Okay, so I wasn’t exactly John Glenn up there, but I’ve changed. I’m a different man now. Yeah, and I’m a little insulted that you guys don’t think I can handle it.
Mike M: You know you’re gonna have to go through survival training again.
Howard: Really?
Scene: A doctor’s surgery.
Howard: You’ve got to get me out of this.
Doctor: What do you want me to do? You’re perfectly healthy.
Howard: Check my blood pressure again. I can get it higher. just give me a second. (Dials phone) 
Mrs Wolowitz (on phone): Hello?
Howard: Hi, Ma. How are you?
Mrs Wolowitz: How I am is not dead, but you wouldn’t know that, because you don’t love me enough to pick up the phone.
Howard: Go, go, go.
Mrs Wolowitz: For all you know, I could have slipped in the tub and drowned. That’s what happened to your Aunt Ida.
Doctor: Wow.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Howard, I’m so sorry your blood pressure was off the charts.
Howard: Oh, me, too. I mean, the doctor was willing to fudge the results, but it just seemed so darned dishonest.
Leonard: But the mission wouldn’t be for at least a year. Isn’t that enough time to get your blood pressure under…
Howard: Look, my blood pressure’s too high, okay? Drop it.
Penny: You know, my aunt changed her diet, and in a few months, she…
Howard: Went to space? I don’t think so. Now, pass the soy sauce. Hey, not the green one, the red one.
Penny: Sheldon, Amy, will you please come join us?
Bernadette: Yeah, it’s fun up here.
Leonard: So why are you trying to ruin it?
Sheldon: No, thanks. We’re fine. I mean, if you people want to eat at the table, then that’s what you should do. I like eating down here because this is how we’ve always done things. But if those days are gone, they’re gone. It just makes me sad.
Bernadette: Now I feel bad.
Leonard: Oh, don’t anthropomorphize him, he’s got big eyes, but his feelings are not like ours.
Bernadette: No, it just seems silly for us to sit in two groups.
Leonard: Well, it’s not silly if you think of that group as being led by a big, evil baby.
Bernadette: Look at Amy down there. Should we go?
Penny: Yeah, let’s go.
Leonard: But Penny, this was your idea. You said that I should stand up to him.
Penny: Forget it, Leonard. It’s over.
Leonard: Fine.
Amy: Rajesh?
Raj: Screw that! I sat on the floor for seven years. I’m staying right here.
Bernadette: Come on, Raj, it’s not the same without you.
Raj: Fine. But no more making fun of how I say tings.
Howard: You mean tings like moo-stache?
Sheldon: Well, isn’t this nice. Sometimes the baby wins.
 								
			
				Sceme: The apartment
Bernadette: Raj, your tag’s sticking out.
Raj: Thank you. That was the closest I’ve come to sex in, like, two years.
Bernadette: Now I feel a little gross.
Raj: You’re only making it seem more real for me.
Howard: Hey, that’s my wife. If anyone’s gonna make her feel gross about sex, it’s me.
Raj: Can we please talk about something other than my depressing love life?
Sheldon: How about Penny’s depressing acting career?
Leonard: Hey. I mean, it’s been a little tough, but Penny’s following her dreams, and in my book, that is not depressing.
Penny: Aw, thank you.
Howard: Is that book called Lies I Tell to Get Sex?
Raj: Is that a real book? I would totally read that book.
Amy: Can I borrow it when you’re done?
Penny: Well, I’ll have you guys know I turned down a part in a movie last week.
Leonard: Why would you do that?
Penny: Because it was crap. It’s a sequel to that awful killer gorilla movie I was in.
Bernadette: Serial Ape-ist? I thought you died in that.
Sheldon: She does. 42 minutes in.
Raj: While showering topless, 16 minutes after brief side butt during a pillow fight with her sorority sisters.
Sheldon: I have an eidetic memory. I don’t know what his problem is.
Penny: Okay, well, there are no shower scenes in this one. They just try to clone me from my corpse, but my DNA gets mixed with the ape’s DNA and I end up running around with giant gorilla hands and feet.
Sheldon: Am I missing something, or isn’t that the part she was born to play?
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: So are you really not gonna do this movie?
Penny: Well, I don’t think it’s the kind of part that’s good for my career.
Leonard: Well, but don’t a lot of famous actors get their start doing bad movies?
Penny: Okay, I don’t think Meryl Streep ever had to say “Must keep gorilla hands from killing again!”
Raj: If she did, it would be amazing. That woman can do no wrong.
Leonard: I don’t know anything about show business, so if you think it’s reasonable to turn down paid work and just burn through your savings, I’m sure you know what you’re doing.
Amy: I think we’re gonna go.
Sheldon: Are you sure? We were making fun of failed careers. We didn’t get to tap the juicy vein that is Howard’s.
Howard: Hey, I work at the same university you do.
Sheldon: Yes, and Hawkeye’s in the Avengers, but no one ever says help, Hawkeye.
Bernadette: Can I ask you something? Why do you constantly feel the need to put down my husband?
Penny: Oh, I’m sure he does it out of love. The same way my boyfriend makes me feel terrible about my life choices.
Amy: I think we’re gonna go.
Leonard: No, no, no. This is not a fight. I was just excited that someone offered you a part and a little surprised that you’d rather sit at home and do nothing than take it. Now it’s a fight.
Sheldon: Well, with that sorted out, I’m happy to answer your question, Bernadette. Howard started it.
Howard: I didn’t do anything. I was just sitting here.
Sheldon: I wasn’t referring to this evening. Ten years ago, upon first seeing me, your husband claimed that I looked like C-3PO and Pee-wee Herman. And he called me C-3P-wee Herman.
Raj: Ha-a-a. Still funny.
Bernadette: That was ten years ago.
Sheldon: Nine years, 11 months and three weeks ago, he followed that up by replacing the slides for my lecture with photographs of nude fat women bending over.
Amy: Really?
Howard: The lecture was on cosmic gas clouds. That’s funny.
Raj: I was there. It was funny.
Sheldon: In any event, that began a decade-long progression of insults, pranks and unwanted magazine subscriptions. To this day, I still get a monthly copy of Granny on Granny. Which, other than its surprisingly fun puzzle page, is complete filth.
Scene: The street
Amy: Thanks for walking me to my car.
Raj: Actually, it’s for both of us. Last night, I watched West Side Story, and I’m a little freaked out by street gangs.
Amy: Why can’t Raj find a girl? The mystery continues.
Raj: I don’t appreciate your sarcasm, but we’ve still got two blocks to go, so I’ll put up with it.
Amy: Whatever happened with your online dating?
Raj: No one was writing me back, so I stopped checking my profile.
Amy: Before I met Sheldon, I was ready to give up, too. Once, I even dropped in on my OBGYN just to get some human contact.
Raj: It has been a while since I got my prostate checked.
Amy: Then I met Sheldon and look at where we are now.
Raj: What? You’ve kissed, like, once in three years.
Amy: That’s true. Do whatever you want.
Scene: Sheldon’s office.
Howard: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello.
Howard: Listen, I was thinking you and I could probably try to be better friends.
Sheldon: Really? I was thinking what we have now is a bit much.
Howard: Seriously, I was talking to Bernadette last night and she made some great points. You and I have known each other a long time, and I didn’t hear the rest ’cause she took her bra off.
Sheldon: Very well. How do you propose we move forward?
Howard: Uh, for starters, we could stop insulting each other.
Sheldon: That’s a great idea. And in the spirit of our new arrangement, I will mask my surprise that you came up with it.
Howard: Anyway, I got invited to do a little talk at NASA in Houston this weekend. They gave me two tickets. Bernadette can’t go. You want to come with me? You can visit your mom, and I’ll show you around the space centre.
Sheldon: I have one question. Is this a prank where we land in Houston and you’ve made up wanted posters that have my face with a moustache and a Spanish name and then I get arrested and deported to South America?
Howard: No.
Sheldon: I’m glad because I would not have seen that coming.
Scene: Amy’s lab.
Raj: Amy, I could use some help.
Amy: Oh. Let me guess. There’s an undergrad in a leather jacket snapping his fingers by the water fountain.
Raj: I thought about what you said last night, and I went back on the dating Web site and I was looking at this girl’s profile. She’s amazing.
Amy: Oh, she’s cute. And smart. Phi Beta Kappa.
Raj: And judging by her lack of Adam’s apple, she’s been female her entire life. I like that in a woman.
Amy: Great, so what do you need me for?
Raj: Well, I was up all night trying to write to her, but I wanted to run it by you first.
Amy: All right.
Raj: Emily, your face is like a precious dew-kissed flower.
Amy: Wow.
Raj: I know. Powerful stuff, huh?
Amy: No. You’re supposed to be yourself, not all desperate and creepy.
Raj: Okay, I’m getting some mixed messages here.
Amy: Just say something normal like, I saw your profile. Looks like we have a lot in common, let’s get a cup of coffee sometime.”
Raj: Yes. Where I can be jealous of the cup touching your ruby lips. Or you just write it for me.
Amy: I’m not gonna pretend to be you.
Raj: I don’t want you to pretend to be me. You can be like my, uh, online wingman. Like if we met her at a bar and you talked me up.
Amy: Well, what would I say to her?
Raj: Just tell her what I’m really like. And, if you think it’ll help, that you saw me changing once and my package reminded you of the muscular tail of a jaguar. Use your own words.
Scene: Penny’s car.
Sheldon: Thanks again for taking me to the pharmacy.
Penny: Oh, it’s no problem. Is everything okay?
Sheldon: Oh, I’m fine. It’s just some, uh, stomach medication for my trip. There’s the remote yet distinct possibility that I may end up in South America.
Penny: Remember the old days when I would’ve said something dumb like why? Uh, that doesn’t sound good.
Sheldon: Remember the old days when I used to point out that your check engine light was on?
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: Well, get ready to stroll down memory lane. Penny, your check engine…
Penny: Yeah, I know it’s on, Sheldon. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I cannot afford this right now.
Sheldon: Maybe it’s just something minor. Ooh, good news, the light just went out.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Are we playing individual or teams?
Raj: Teams are fun.
Sheldon: Oh, in that case, I’d like to be partnered with my good friend Howard.
Raj: But I’m always on Howard’s team. We’re best friends. The kind who finish each others…
Howard: I really don’t think we do tha…
Raj: Do that. See?
Penny: Oh, hi.
Leonard: Oh, how’d it go at the mechanic?
Penny: Not great. Can I talk to you for a sec?
Leonard: Yeah, sure.
Raj: Maybe I can go with you guys to Houston?
Howard: Isn’t it a little late to get plane tick…
Raj: Plane tickets? Yeah.
Howard: Will you please sto…
Raj: Stop that? Okay.
Scene: The stairwell.
Penny: I don’t know what to do. My car threw a rod and it’s totaled. I can’t afford a new one, I have no job, and now I can’t drive to auditions.
Leonard: I’m so sorry. I know it’s a sensitive subject, but can you reconsider that part in the movie?
Penny: I did. I called them. The part’s gone. They gave it to someone else. Now that girl’s gonna get discovered and become famous and go on Letterman and talk about how she got her big break on a cheap monkey movie all because some dumb girl thought it was beneath her.
Leonard: At least they talked about you on Letterman. Come on, I can drive you wherever you need to go.
Penny: How? Unlike me, you have a job. I’m just gonna have to go back to being a waitress, like I will be for the rest of my life.
Sheldon: Leonard, would you wrap it up? We’re waiting on you.
Penny: I’m sorry, is the fact that my life’s falling apart interfering with your board game?
Sheldon: It is. You were wrong, friend Howard. She completely understood.
Scene: Amy’s lab.
Raj: Hey, you busy?
Amy: No. What’s up?
Raj: Have you heard back from Emily?
Amy: I have.
Raj: Great. And?
Amy: And I’m afraid she doesn’t think you’re right for her.
Raj: I give you one simple thing to do, contact a complete stranger and make her fall in love with me, and you blow it.
Amy: I told her what a good guy you are, but she thought it was a bad sign that you didn’t write to her yourself. She thought it made you seem too shy and passive.
Raj: I’m not too shy and passive. You write her back and tell her I said that. You know, when you have a second.
Amy: Look, I’ll see if I can change her mind tomorrow night.
Raj: What’s happening tomorrow night?
Amy: I’m meeting her for coffee.
Raj: What?
Amy: Well, we just, we e-mailed back and forth a bit, and we kind of hit it off.
Raj: I find a girl I like, and you’re stealing her?
Amy: No. We just ended up having a lot in common. We went to Harvard, we like Chaucer, we’re both hardcore into quilting.
Raj: Your words fall like acid rain on the wounded petals of my heart.
Scene: Bernadette’s car.
Howard: That’s Sheldon. He says he’ll be down in a minute.
Bernadette: What are you doing?
Howard: Oh, he’s not coming out until he sees proof you don’t have an air freshener in your car.
Bernadette: This is gonna be a long weekend for you.
Howard: You’re the reason I’m doing it.
Bernadette: I said to stop insulting each other. I didn’t tell you to take him on a romantic getaway.
Howard: How do I know what you said? Damn you and your noise-cancelling breasts.
Sheldon: Hello.
Bernadette: Hi.
Howard: Hey, buddy.
Bernadette: You excited for Texas?
Sheldon: Oh, very much so.
Howard: It’s not every day you get to tour NASA with a real astronaut.
Sheldon: Oh, who’s the real astronaut?
Howard: Buzz Aldrin.
Sheldon: Oh. Yay.
Scene: An airplane. 
Sheldon: (Tap, tap, tap) Howard? (Tap, tap, tap) Howard? (Tap, tap, tap) Howard?
Howard: What now?
Sheldon: I have to go to the bathroom.
Howard: You just went to the bathroom.
Sheldon: But I didn’t use it because it didn’t seem safe. Despite all my e-mails, the toilet didn’t have a seatbelt.
Howard: Well, it still doesn’t.
Sheldon: I realize that, but safety concerns went out the window two apple juices ago.
Howard: Fine.
Sheldon: Why are you getting annoyed?
Howard: I’m trying to be a better friend, but you constantly say and do irritating things.
Sheldon: Like when?
Howard: When? How about in the car? I’m an astronaut, and you know it. You just don’t like admitting it, because you’re jealous.
Sheldon: Well, truth be told, as a child, I did dream of going to space. Those astronauts were my heroes. And when you got to go, it was hard for me.
Howard: Thank you.
Sheldon: Because it made me realize they’ll just send anyone up there. Aren’t you going to let me out?
Howard: No.
Sheldon: But I still need to use the bathroom.
Howard: Here you go. Be creative. What’s the matter? Scared of a little turbulence?
Sheldon: No, turbulence is just the equalization of diurnal temperature variations in the atmosphere. I’m not scared at all. Oh, apple juice, stay where you are.
Howard: Oh, this is nothing. I experienced way worse when I was plummeting back to Earth, apparently not being a real astronaut. Okay, that was a big one.
Sheldon: I take it back. I’m scared of turbulence!
Howard: I’m gonna need that bag back.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Leonard: You sure you want to do this?
Penny: Yeah. Why wouldn’t I want to get my old job back? It’ll be fun to see everyone. I haven’t talked to them since I said I quit, see you at the Oscars, bitches. Come on, let’s just get this over with.
Leonard: Let’s get this over with. Am I driving you to the Cheesecake Factory, or are we having sex? I’m just, I’m trying to lighten the mood.
Penny: I know. Thank you.
Leonard: Sorry.
Penny: It’s just so humiliating.
Leonard: So humiliating? Am I driving you to the Cheesecake Factory…? I’m sorry. I’ll. I’ll stop. I’ll stop.
Scene: Outside the building. 
Leonard: Come on, don’t look so sad. You never know what’s gonna happen. Maybe tonight will be great.
Penny: Sweetie, I know you’re trying to make me feel better, and I love you for that, but it’s making me feel worse, and I kind of hate you. This isn’t your car.
Leonard: I know. I thought we’d take yours.
Penny: I don’t understand.
Leonard: It’s nothing fancy, but it’ll get you to auditions, and at least for now, you don’t have to go back to waitressing.
Penny: I don’t know what to say.
Leonard: Don’t say anything.
Penny: Oh, my God.
Leonard: I mean, you could say thank you. I did just buy you a car.
Scene: A coffee shop.
Amy: Look, I admit that it’s odd that Rajesh didn’t write to you himself, but if you get to know him, you’ll see he’s just a sweet, regular guy. As a counterpoint, here he is, uninvited and visibly sweaty.
Raj: Hello, Emily.
Emily: Hello.
Raj: Amy told me you were concerned that I might be too passive and shy. Let me ask you something. Would a passive guy barge in here to look you in the eye and say, hey, dew-kissed flower, what’s up?
Emily: No, but a weird guy with no boundaries might.
Raj: Uh, okay, that’s a separate issue. Let’s put a pin in that and just focus on the passive thing.
Emily: I’m leaving.
Amy: Are we still going to go to that Chaucer reading Friday?
Emily: You know, I think I’m just gonna go by myself.
Raj: Not my best first date. Yeah, but not my worst, either.
Scene: The airplane.
Sheldon: I’m sorry for every mean thing I ever did or said to you.
Howard: I’m sorry, too. It’s all my fault.
Sheldon: If you weren’t my friend, there’d be a hole in my life.
Howard: Thank you, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Kind of like when Firefly was cancelled. But not as big.
Announcement: The captain has turned off the fasten seat belt sign. You’re now free to move about the cabin.
Howard: It’s over.
Sheldon: Yeah.
Howard: Should we stop holding hands now?
Sheldon: In a minute.
Howard: Okay, good.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Should you really be sitting in Sheldon’s spot?
Raj: He’s in Texas, he’ll never know.
Penny: I wouldn’t be so sure about that.
Leonard: Yeah, he has a very sensitive butt. Well, it’s true. Once I saw him sit on a bunch of loose change and add it up.
Raj: Have you heard from Howard?
Bernadette: I did. His talk at NASA went great.
Penny: Sheldon didn’t heckle him?
Bernadette: No, in fact, he was so well-behaved, Howie bought him a Buzz Aldrin bobble head and astronaut ice cream.
Stuart: Hey, guys.
Amy: Oh, hi.
Bernadette: Hi, Stuart.
Raj: Hey, Stuart!
Stuart: How’s it going?
Raj: Good. Sheldon’s out of town, so we can do whatever we want. We even ordered from the Thai place he doesn’t like.
Stuart: Oh, how is it?
Penny: Disgusting. Do not tell him.
Leonard: What do you guys want to do tonight?
Amy: I don’t know.
Bernadette: Well, I told Howie if I wasn’t busy, I’d spend the night at his mom’s. So for God’s sake, think of something.
Raj: Stuart? Are you okay?
Stuart: No, I don’t feel so…
Leonard: Oh, my God, Stuart?
Penny: Oh, my God, you guys need to do something!
Raj: Stuart?
Leonard: Calling 911.
Raj: Well, it’s too late.
Leonard: What do you mean it’s too late?
Raj: He’s been murdered by someone in this room.
Penny: Oh, my God.
Leonard: Oh, come on.
Raj: Welcome to another classic Koothrappali murder mystery dinner.
Amy: I’m leaving.
Raj: You can’t leave. You’re a suspect in the mysterious murder of Stuart Bloom.
Bernadette: I didn’t know his last name was Bloom.
Amy: Yeah, it’s Bloom.
Penny: Are you really gonna lie on the floor and pretend to be dead all night?
Stuart: What do you think I was gonna do at home?
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Are you gonna make us pretend to be a bunch of lame characters with silly accents?
Raj: Lame characters with silly ac…, what kind of actress are you?
Penny: You’re right, I’m sorry. Sounds like fun.
Raj: Thank you.
Penny: That kind of actress. This sucks.
Leonard: Come on, guys. Raj put a lot of effort into this. And that’s great. It’s not sad, it’s great.
Amy: I think it might be fun to be someone else tonight.
Raj: Actually, you’re all just gonna be yourselves.
Amy: Oh, ugh.
Bernadette: All right, if I’m doing this, I’m playing to win, so just to be clear, if we’re ourselves, that means one of us killed Stuart?
Raj: Very good, Bernadette. You are a regular Byomkesh Bakshi.
Bernadette: What is that, like, the Indian Sherlock Holmes?
Raj: Or is Sherlock Holmes the English Byomkesh Bakshi?
Amy: According to Wikipedia, Sherlock Holmes came first.
Raj: Great, everyone’s a Byomkesh Bakshi. Now, here are some secret facts about each of you, including whether you are the murderer. Throughout the game, feel free to ask each other questions to uncover clues.
Penny: Got it. Hey, who’s the murderer?
Raj: Any question but that.
Penny: Sorry. Hey, who’s not the murderer?
Stuart: Bernadette, can you not stand so close to me?
Bernadette: What do you care? You’re dead.
Stuart: Suit yourself. But I can kind of see up your skirt.
Scene: A hire car.
Sheldon: Thank you for my bobble head.
Howard: Thank you for not making fun of me during my speech.
Sheldon: It wasn’t easy. Was it Buzz?
Howard: We can’t show up to your mom’s empty-handed. We should bring something.
Sheldon: I already am. I’m bringing the gift of knowledge.
Howard: Oh, boy.
Sheldon: Despite what her Bible says, recent archaeological studies indicate that although camels are referenced in the Old Testament, they didn’t exist in the Middle East until hundreds of years later.
Howard: I was gonna say we pick up a cake or a pie. But an insult to her faith is always thoughtful.
Scene: The apartment. 
Bernadette: So, what happens next?
Raj: I can’t tell you that. But perhaps the killer dropped a fun and imaginative clue somewhere in the apartment.
Penny: Ooh, I’m gonna check the fridge, and see if there are any clues inside a beer.
Amy: Hey, I found something. It looks like a little man with a briefcase.
Leonard: Oh, no, no. That’s Clarence Darrow. It’s from a game Sheldon made up called Chutes and Lawyers. You slide down a chute and then work your way back up through the appellate system.
Raj: Well, unlike that, my games are much more fun.
Penny: Okay, can I ask you something? Why do you like making us do this stuff?
Raj: Well, I guess it goes back to when I was a fat kid in India, and didn’t have any friends.
Bernadette: I didn’t know you were fat.
Raj: Yeah, I was. I was 200 pounds by the time I was in middle school. Kids were mean. Cows may be sacred there, but it doesn’t help if you look like one. Anyway, I was pretty lonely, so I had to make up my own stories and games, and I promised myself if I ever made any friends that, that I would play those games with them.
Amy: That is so sweet.
Leonard: I’ve seen old pictures of you. You were never a fat kid.
Raj: No, I was svelte as a gazelle. A gazelle blessed with a flair for storytelling.
Bernadette: Hey, what about this? It looks like a receipt.
Amy: What’s it for?
Bernadette: For a cup of coffee. But it’s dated 20 years from now.
Raj: From the future? How fun and imaginative.
Leonard: So one of us came back from the future to murder Stuart?
Raj: Correct.
Leonard: Does the gazelle with a flair for storytelling know he’s just ripping off Terminator?
Raj: Does the smart-ass know that Terminator was actually ripped off from an Outer Limits script called Demon With a Glass Hand, by Harlan Ellison?
Leonard: Oh, does the gazelle know that according to Harlan Ellison, it was not ripped off from Demon With a Glass Hand, but was ripped off from another Outer Limits script he wrote called The Soldier?
Penny: I’m gonna need another clue.
Scene: Sheldon’s childhood home.
Howard: Okay, give me the flowers and pie.
Sheldon: But if we show up and you’re holding them, she’ll think they’re only from you.
Howard: They are only from me. You said the gift of you was enough.
Sheldon: Yes, but now that I’ve seen what the gift of me with flowers and pie looks like, there’s no going back. Boy, I can’t wait to see the look on her face. We’re leaving right now.
Howard: What’s wrong?
Sheldon: Nothing.
Howard: What? Sheldon, tell me what’s going on.
Sheldon: I saw my mommy with a naked man and she was trying to be a mommy again.
Scene: A bar in Texas.
Howard: You ready to talk about it?
Sheldon: I’m not nearly drunk enough. Okay. Do you have any idea what it’s like to see your mother ravaging someone?
Howard: Does a brisket count? I’m sorry, buddy, that’s rough. But didn’t she know we were coming?
Sheldon: No. I wanted to surprise her. What am I supposed to say to her after something like this?
Howard: Well, did she see you in the window?
Sheldon: No.
Howard: Then don’t say anything.
Sheldon: I have to. How can we ever hope to have a healthy relationship if I don’t tell her how disappointed I am, and that I’ll never forgive her?
Howard: Well, don’t do it on the phone.
Sheldon: No, I’m just going to tell her I’m coming so she can give that good time Charlie the heave-ho.
Howard: That’s some tough talk, I may need to cut you off.
Sheldon: Yeah, maybe you better, I took a pretty big sip.
Howard: Look, she’s a grown woman. And, and your dad’s been gone a long time. Maybe this is none of your business.
Sheldon: I beg to differ. I used to live in those genitals. And if someone wants to move into my old room, I should at least get a vote.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Okay, murder suspects, Leonard has found the time machine the killer must’ve used. You’re all inside it, and we hurtle through the very fabric of time. And welcome to 20 years in the future. Hey, you guys just time-travelled. Stop looking so bored.
Penny: Well, my beer isn’t flat and my rack’s not saggy. So far, the future’s great.
Stuart: Hey, can I go to the bathroom?
Raj: Fine, just try not to look too alive.
Stuart: That’s my jam.
Bernadette: So one of us went back in time to kill Stuart?
Amy: But why?
Raj: Perhaps this will help. Here are some facts about yourselves in the future that might contain a clue.
Amy: Hey, I won the Nobel Prize in physiology, then I used the money to buy Stuart’s comic book store, and close it down so Sheldon would pay attention to me. Not the worst idea.
Penny: Hey, I’m a famous actress living in London.
Leonard: Hmm, I’m a professor at Stanford.
Penny: Hmm.
Bernadette: So I guess you two are making it work long distance.
Raj: Oh, no. In this game, as your careers both took off, you drifted apart. Kind of like how future me lost touch with you guys after I became boy toy for the wrinkled, but still flexible, Madonna.
Amy: What does your card say, Bernadette?
Leonard: Uh, uh, uh, hang on. Do you think we’d really drift apart if we both became successful?
Penny: Of course not. If I became a famous actress and had to move, you would just come with me.
Leonard: But if I get a chance to be a tenured professor, I might not have that much choice in where I end up.
Penny: Yeah, but if I become a successful actress, we wouldn’t need the money.
Leonard: Well, you don’t go into science for the money.
Bernadette: Speak for yourself. Last month, my company both invented and cured Restless Eye Syndrome. Ka-ching, ya blinky chumps.
Penny: So, wait, if my career took me somewhere else, you might not go?
Amy: Dun, dun, dun. He started it.
Raj: Okay, okay, guys, new back stories. Uh, Penny and Leonard, you two lovebirds are super successful and living in New York. Uh, you’re an actress, you’re a professor and you have three beautiful kids.
Leonard: Great.
Penny: Really? You think I’m putting this body through three kids?
Scene: Sheldon’s childhood home.
Sheldon: Okay, let’s do this.
Howard: Good luck.
Sheldon: You, aren’t you gonna come with me?
Howard: While you confront your mother about her sex life? I’d rather go back to that bar in ass-less chaps.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Mother? (Knock, knock, knock) Mother? (Knock, knock, knock) Mother?
Mrs Cooper: Shelly, I’m so glad you’re here.
Sheldon: I saw you having naked sex.
Mrs Cooper: What are you talking about?
Sheldon: Earlier, I came here to surprise you. I looked in the window and I saw you with a man.
Mrs Cooper: Oh, Shelly, I’m so sorry. Come in. Um, maybe we should sit down and talk about this.
Sheldon: Can you recommend a surface you haven’t had coitus on?
Mrs Cooper: That’s not funny. Maybe we should sit at the table. Well, I’m sure that, uh, you have a lot of questions.
Sheldon: Who was he?
Mrs Cooper: His name is Ron. I met him at my prayer group.
Sheldon: How long have you been involved with him?
Mrs Cooper: A few months.
Sheldon: And of those few months, how long have you been a demented sex pervert?
Mrs Cooper: That is no way to speak to your mother.
Sheldon: Perhaps not. But it is a way to speak to a woman who quoted the Bible to me my whole life, and then desecrates one of Ethan Allen’s finest sofas.
Mrs Cooper: I will give you one opportunity, young man, to apologize.
Sheldon: Or what?
Mrs Cooper: Or I will send you to your room.
Sheldon: That’s ridiculous. I am a grown man. I am a professional scientist. And I currently occupy the moral high ground.
Mrs Cooper: Go to your room.
Sheldon: But I occupy the moral high ground.
Mrs Cooper: Go to your room.
Sheldon: But I’m a professional scientist.
Mrs: Go to your room!
Sheldon: I’m a grown man.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Can we please get back to the game?
Leonard: In a minute. I don’t understand why any success you have in acting is more important than any I have in science.
Penny: Okay, if you do something cool in science, you might change the world. If I become a famous actress, I’m not gonna tell you why movie stars are the best. They just are.
Amy: I’m surprised you guys never talked about this stuff.
Leonard: Like you and Sheldon have everything figured out?
Amy: Actually, our relationship agreement covers a wide array of scenarios, including career changes, financial instability, intelligent dog uprising. FYI, we plan on selling out the human race hard.
Penny: In 20 years, who knows what’ll happen with any of us?
Stuart: I think you and Leonard will be together.
Penny: You do?
Stuart: Yeah. I think you’re the best couple I know.
Leonard: Aw.
Penny: That’s so sweet.
Bernadette: What the hell?
Amy: Excuse me?
Penny: Ah-da-da-da-da, let the dead man talk. So, why do you think that?
Stuart: Uh, well, I feel like you guys make each other better. Penny brought Leonard out of his shell. And it seems like Leonard makes Penny think more deeply about the world. I don’t know. Together, you two kind of make one awesome person.
Penny: Aw, Stuart. Now I feel bad for murdering you.
Raj: Oh, come on.
Bernadette: Penny did it, I win. Suck it, jackasses.
Scene: Sheldon’s old bedroom.
Howard: Hey, can I come in?
Sheldon: Apparently any man is welcome in this house. Why not you? I thought you were waiting in the car.
Howard: That was an hour ago, Sheldon. A Jew sits in front of a house in Texas that long, For Sale signs start to go up. I take it things didn’t go smoothly with your mom.
Sheldon: No. I’m not sure how we’re going to get past this.
Howard: You know, I, I sort of went through something like this myself.
Sheldon: Howard, we’ve all seen your mother naked. That woman needs to learn how to tie a robe.
Howard: I’m talking about when my mom started seeing someone a couple of years after my dad left.
Sheldon: I didn’t know she did.
Howard: Yeah, she was dating this guy, and I was kind of a jerk to her about it.
Sheldon: What did you do?
Howard: Well, let’s just say it was the most vicious bar mitzvah speech in the history of Temple Beth El. Anyway, she broke up with him. And she’s basically been alone ever since. She never said it, but I always felt I was the reason why.
Sheldon: I’m sorry. Although, based on your story, you absolutely were the reason why.
Howard: All I’m saying is you might not want to get in the way of your mom’s happiness.
Sheldon: You may have a point. I love my mother. Even if she fornicates like a demonic weasel.
Howard: And the healing begins.
Scene: Mrs Cooper’s living room.
Sheldon: Hello.
Mrs Cooper: Hello. Are you ready to discuss this calmly, like adults?
Sheldon: I am.
Mrs Cooper: Shelly, I’m sorry that you saw what you saw. I know that this is hard for you.
Sheldon: I think what most upsets me about it, Mother, is the hypocrisy. Doesn’t this contradict all the religious rules you’ve been espousing your whole life?
Mrs Cooper: You’re right, it does, and it’s something that I’m struggling with these days.
Sheldon: Then why are you doing it?
Mrs Cooper: Because I’m not perfect, Shelly. And that man’s booty is.
Sheldon: Well, this is confusing for me. But I don’t want to stand in the way of your happiness. So, I’ll condemn you internally while maintaining an outward appearance of acceptance.
Mrs Cooper: That is very Christian of you.
Sheldon: Mother, if you’re going to conduct your life in this fashion, then I should let you know that the world has changed since you were a young woman. You know, it’s not all sock hops, soda jerks and segregation anymore.
Mrs Cooper: How old do you think I am?
Sheldon: My point is that you’re going to need to be careful. You used to be protected by your pre-Enlightenment mythology, but now you’re going to need a stronger friend named latex.
Mrs Cooper: Are you having the sex talk with me?
Sheldon: Well, someone has to.
Mrs Cooper: Oh, dear Lord.
Sheldon: No, don’t look to Him. He’s mad at you right now.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Oh, come on, don’t pout. I’m sorry I ruined your game.
Raj: I’m not pouting, I’m brooding. Which is how sexy men pout.
Amy: It actually was kind of fun.
Raj: You’re just saying that.
Amy: Yeah.
Bernadette: I liked the time travel element.
Raj: Thank you. I thought it was inspired.
Leonard: It was. By Terminator.
Bernadette: Well, I hope 20 years from now, we really are all still together and still friends.
Penny: Definitely.
Leonard: Of course. Well, hey, how about this? Whether we’re friends, not friends, scattered around the world, no matter what, let’s all promise to meet in front of this building exactly 20 years from tonight at 8:00 p.m. and have dinner like we always do.
Bernadette: Aw.
Penny: I love it.
Leonard: Putting it in my phone right now.
Penny: Yeah, me, too.
Stuart: My phone doesn’t have a calendar. So I’ll just write it on my hand.
Raj: And it’s done.
Penny: Yup, we’re all in.
Leonard: All right, I’ll see you guys in 20 years.
Scene: In front of the building, 20 years later.
Stuart: I knew it.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Boy, do I have to urinate.
Leonard: If only there were a solution to that.
Sheldon: Seriously. I feel like I’ve got a fish tank in my pelvis.
Leonard: So go to the bathroom.
Sheldon: I can’t.
Leonard: Why not?
Sheldon: Because I’m trying to decide between getting an Xbox One or a PS4. Oh, pee, why’d I say that?
Leonard: Forgive me for asking a stupid question, but why are you being stupid?
Sheldon: I’m not being stupid. I’m employing the work of Dutch researcher, Mirjam Tuk, who found that people with full bladders make better decisions.
Leonard: Why did I pee before I decided to move in here?
Penny: Hi.
Leonard: Hey. Oh, how’d the audition go?
Penny: I killed it. I was even able to cry real tears right on the spot.
Leonard: Oh, that’s great.
Penny: I know. Next time I get pulled over for a speeding ticket, here come the waterworks.
Sheldon: Here come the waterworks.
Leonard: Aren’t you gonna ask?
Penny: What is this, my first day?
Credits sequence. 
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Bernadette: Can I get your opinion on something that happened at work today?
Penny: Yeah, sure.
Amy: Of course.
Bernadette: Okay, well, I did something that will either make me look like a lovable goof or a horrible monster damned to spend eternity in hell.
Amy: I’m sure it’s lovable.
Penny: I’m gonna go with monster. What do you got?
Bernadette: Well, there’s this lady in our office who’s retiring, and they were passing around one of those big cards for us to sign.
Amy: Okay.
Bernadette: But no one told me she was in a horrible car accident over the weekend and what I was signing was not a retirement card but was actually a get well card.
Penny: I’m liking my odds here.
Bernadette: So on the card, in the hospital, next to the woman who’s clinging to life are the words, “Hey, Vivian. You deserve this. And at least with you gone, no one will steal my yoghurt out of the fridge.”
Penny: No.
Bernadette: “LOL.” Smiley face.
Amy: Oh, my gosh.
Bernadette: “P.S. Good luck wherever you wind up.”
Penny: Oh. Why didn’t I put money on this? (Phone rings) Hey, that’s my agent. If I got the part, it’s still the second best thing I’ve heard all day. Hello?
Bernadette: Am I a terrible person?
Amy: No. No, it was a mistake.
Bernadette: Am I a terrible person that it crossed my mind that she might die and never see the card?
Amy: Now I think you’re flirting with the line. Good news?
Penny: No, I didn’t get it.
Bernadette: I’m so sorry.
Amy: You’ll get offered something soon.
Penny: I kind of did. The part in that awful horror movie I passed on came back around. Apparently, it’s mine if I want it.
Bernadette: Are you gonna take it?
Penny: I don’t know what to do.
Amy: Maybe you’ll get hit by a car and die. LOL, right?
Scene: A coffee shop.
Raj: Hey. Emily, right?
Emily: Yeah.
Raj: I, I don’t know if you remember me.
Emily: From the dating Web site. Your friend e-mailed me because you were afraid to, then you tracked me down and acted like a lunatic?
Raj: Yes, Rajesh Koothrappali. Look, uh, I just, I wanted to say I’m sorry. Okay? You were, like, the coolest person I ever found online, and I got really nervous and I, I just blew it.
Emily: Uh, don’t worry about it. And if it makes you feel any better, you’re not the weirdest guy I’ve met off the Internet.
Raj: Well, give me a chance, you don’t even know me.
Emily: All right, here’s your chance.
Raj: Ah, really? Thank you. Fate has given me a rare second chance, and I swear to Vishnu I’m not gonna blow it. Or normal words followed by a charming smile.
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Sheldon: So, first there was PlayStation, aka PS1, then PS2, PS3 and now PS4. And that makes sense. You’d think after Xbox, there’d be Xbox 2. But no, next came Xbox 360. Hmm? And now, after 360, comes Xbox One. Why one? Maybe that’s how many seconds of thought they put into naming it.
Amy: Can you get the butter, please?
Sheldon: You know, however, with the Xbox One, I can control my entire entertainment system using voice commands. Up until now, I’ve had to use Leonard.
Amy: Then get the other one. Pass the butter.
Sheldon: Get? Hang on. I don’t feel like you’re taking this dilemma seriously.
Amy: Fine, Sheldon. You have my undivided attention.
Sheldon: Okay, now, the PS4 is more angular and sleek-looking.
Amy: No way.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, it’s true. But the larger size of the Xbox One may keep it from overheating.
Amy: Well, you wouldn’t want your gaming system to overheat.
Sheldon: No, see? Well, you absolutely would not. And furthermore, the Xbox One now comes with a Kinect included.
Amy: Included?
Sheldon: Yes. Not sold separately. Although the PS4 uses cool new GDDR5 RAM, while the Xbox One is still using the conventional DDR3 memory.
Amy: Why would they still be using DDR3? Are they nuts?
Sheldon: See? That’s what I thought. But then they go and throw in an ESRAM buffer.
Amy: Whoa, whoa. Wait a second. Who’s they?
Sheldon: Xbox.
Amy: You’re kidding.
Sheldon: No, I am not. And this ESRAM buffer should totally bridge the 100-gigabit-per-second bandwidth gap between the two RAM types.
Amy: This is a nightmare. How will you ever make a decision?
Sheldon You see? I don’t know. What should I do?
Amy: Please pass the butter!
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Okay, it’s not me, right? This script is terrible.
Leonard: Yeah. I had higher hopes for a movie called Serial Ape-ist 2: Monkey See, Monkey Kill. You know, it’s still possible for you to be good in a bad movie.
Penny: Okay. (Reading) Sometimes I feel like I can control the killer gorilla instinct inside of me, but then I see these bananas and I just want to eat them and then kill people. What am I gonna do?
Leonard: Well, for starters, I wouldn’t eat the bananas.
Penny: No, come on. This is serious.
Leonard: Uh, uh, does it at least pay well?
Penny: Less than I was making at The Cheesecake Factory.
Leonard: What does your agent think?
Penny: She’s thinking of taking a job at The Cheesecake Factory.
Leonard: You know what, why don’t you just do it? You’ll go have fun for a few weeks, make some money, and who knows what it might lead to?
Penny: Okay, look, here, page 58. I oil-wrestle an orang-utan in a bikini.
Leonard: Just to clarify, which one of you is wearing the bikini?
Penny: Both of us.
Leonard: So it’s a family film.
Scene: Amy’s apartment. 
Sheldon: Thank you again for dinner.
Amy: You’re welcome.
Sheldon: Good night.
Amy: Uh, it’s date night. Aren’t you, uh, forgetting something?
Sheldon: Oh, of course. (They kiss) Did I mention the PS4 controllers light up?
Amy: No.
Sheldon: Well, they do.
Scene: The apartment. 
Raj: And then after coffee, we went for a walk and she told me she always thought people from India were exotic and mysterious. So, with my mouth, I said, we’re just like anybody else, but with my eyes, I said, straight up, Red, hop on my flying carpet.
Leonard: So, are you gonna see her again?
Raj: Yeah, we have plans this weekend. And if it’s a clear night, I’m gonna lay some romantic astronomy on her.
Penny: Okay, like what? Show me.
Raj: I can’t do that to Leonard. This is some powerful panty-dropping stuff.
Leonard: You have my blessing. Go for it.
Raj: Okay. Penny, two of the brightest stars in the night sky are Altair and Vega. And it is said they were deeply in love but forever separated by the celestial river of the Milky Way.
Penny: Oh, that’s sad.
Raj: It is. But once a year, on the seventh day of the seventh month, Vega cries so hard that all the magpies in the world fly up and create a bridge with their wings so the two lovers can be together for a single night of passion.
Penny: Wow.
Leonard: Okay, that’s enough.
Sheldon: Quick poll, PS4 or Xbox One? Raj?
Raj: Uh, Xbox One.
Sheldon: Penny?
Penny: Huh?
Sheldon: Leonard?
Leonard: PS4.
Sheldon: Wolowitz?
Howard: Both great.
Sheldon: Bernadette?
Bernadette: I like the Wii.
Sheldon: Thanks, Grandma.
Raj: Oh, my goodness.
Leonard: What’s up?
Raj: I just got an e-mail from my ex-girlfriend Lucy. She misses me and wants to get together.
Leonard: Two women at the same time? Nice job, playa.
Penny: Really?
Leonard: Was it the two women thing or the playa? It was the playa.
Scene: The same, later.
Raj: What am I supposed to do? How am I supposed to choose between Emily and Lucy?
Howard: Why do you have to choose? Date both of them.
Raj: I can’t date two women at once. Zero women, that’s my sweet spot.
Penny: Unless you’re sleeping with one of them, seeing other people isn’t a big deal.
Raj: But what if one of them asks me what I was up to the night before and I was with the other one? Then, what, do I lie?
Howard and Bernadette (together): Yes.
Bernadette: What do you mean, yes?
Howard: What do you mean, yes?
Bernadette: Were you seeing other women when we started dating?
Howard: No. Were you seeing other men?
Bernadette: No.
Leonard: Were you seeing other men?
Penny: No.
Leonard: Aren’t you gonna ask me?
Penny: Come on, really?
Scene: A coffee shop.
Leonard: Thank you so much for letting us pick your brain.
Wil Wheaton: Yeah, happy to help. So, what’s going on?
Penny: Well, I’m having an impossible time getting my career off the ground, and I got offered a role in this crappy horror movie, and I just don’t know if I should take it.
Wil: Well, I have certainly taken some jobs that I’ve been embarrassed by.
Penny: I wouldn’t exactly call Star Trek embarrassing.
Wil: I wasn’t.
Penny: Me, either.
Leonard: So, what do you think, is there a professional downside to doing it?
Wil: Well, it’s tricky. You want to take projects that you’re excited about, but sometimes you also have to pay the bills. When you’re on the set working on something that you just know in your heart is bad, not Star Trek.
Penny: Yeah, beam me up. I love it.
Wil: Anyway, those jobs can be soul-crushing.
Penny: That’s what I’m afraid of.
Wil: So, I was in Stand By Me when I was a kid, and it was a huge success. The terrible movies I did came after that. I mean, imagine how that feels.
Leonard: Sounds rough.
Wil: I’m telling you, this business is brutal. To this day, I hate going on auditions. Okay, I walk in, and I can just feel them thinking, he was such a cute kid, what happened to him? And then I don’t get the job, and I can never find out why. Honestly, I get so depressed, there are entire weeks that I can’t even get out of bed.
Leonard: Okay, this was helpful.
Scene: The stairwell.
Raj: Any news on your co-worker who’s in the hospital?
Bernadette: Poor thing, she was in surgery for 18 hours. She’s alive, but she’s still in critical condition.
Raj: Oh, no.
Bernadette: The one bit of good news is they put her in a medically induced coma before she read the card. So, you know, silver linings.
Howard: Were you like this when I married you?
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard (on phone): Don’t worry about it, buddy. Okay, bye. That was Wil, he’s feeling a lot better. Apparently, he’s 12-down in the TV Guide crossword puzzle.
Raj: Did he help you make a decision about the movie?
Penny: No. Did you figure out what you’re gonna do about the two girls?
Raj: As a matter of fact, I did. I’ve spent so many years living in fear, saying no to new experiences, but from now on, I’m gonna say yes, yes to love, yes to adventure, yes to life. Whatever it may be, the answer’s going to be yes.
Howard: He’s gonna die alone, right?
Leonard: Yes.
Penny: Yes.
Bernadette: Yes.
Scene: An electrical store.
Amy: I’m proud of you, Sheldon.
Sheldon: You know, I’m proud of me, too. I’ve done all my research, I conducted an informal poll, and I’ve arrived at the rock-solid certainty I’ve made the right choice.
Amy: Well, that’s got to be a good feeling.
Sheldon: Oh, it is. Although.
Amy: Oh, crap.
Sheldon: I had the same feeling when I made my dad buy a Betamax instead of a VHS.
Amy: You were just a little kid.
Sheldon: Yeah, a little kid who picked the wrong format to record The MacNeil/Lehrer Report. Now I also was certain that HD DVD would win out over Blu-ray.
Amy: How old were you then?
Sheldon: Old enough to know better. You know, and now that I think about it, I stood in front of a case of iPods and I bought a Zune.
Amy: What’s a Zune?
Sheldon: Yeah, exactly. It’s an MP3 player brought to us by the makers of Xbox.
Amy: No, what are you doing? No, no, pick that back up. You know it’s good. You did the research.
Sheldon: But what if I’m wrong?
Amy: You know what? How about I buy it for you? How about I buy you both?
Sheldon: You know I only have one slot available in my entertainment centre.
Amy: Then I’ll buy you a new entertainment centre.
Sheldon: Well, yeah, okay, sure. But which one?
Amy: How about this? I’ve heard that if you flip a coin, it will tell you how you actually feel. Because you’ll either be disappointed or excited by the outcome.
Sheldon: Interesting.
Amy: So, heads it’s PS4, tails it’s Xbox One.
Sheldon: All right, I’ll try.
Amy: What is it?
Sheldon: A quarter.
Amy: Could have given it back to me. That was a choice.
Scene: A restaurant.
Raj: You look, you look really pretty tonight.
Emily: Thanks. I love that jacket.
Raj: Thank you. Thanks, thanks. I’m sorry. I can’t do this. My, my ex-girlfriend e-mailed me, and I’m seeing her Saturday, And I’m glad you like it, it’s from J. Crew.
Emily: I don’t understand.
Raj: My friends told me it was okay to see more than one person at a time, but it, it feels like I’m being deceitful.
Emily: Are you getting back together with her?
Raj: No. I, I have no idea. What would you do?
Emily: Uh, usually on first dates, I talk about music and stuff, but I was promised weird, so let’s do this. How serious were you two?
Raj: Well, to be honest, we only went on four dates, hugged twice, kissed once, and there was a handshake loaded with sexual innuendo.
Emily: Wait, so, a girl you never slept with sent you an e-mail and you felt so guilty about it that you had to tell me?
Raj: Yeah.
Emily: That’s kind of adorable.
Raj: Are you, are you sure? Because this is the part of the night where I’ve said something stupid and the girl usually leaves.
Emily: I’m still here.
Raj: Yeah, but now you make me wonder what’s wrong with you.
Emily: We just met. You don’t need to tell me about other people you’re seeing.
Raj: Really? Because I’m dating two women is basically the only cool thing I can say about myself.
Scene: The electrical store.
Sheldon: On the one hand, the Xbox One has a better camera, but the PS4 has a removable hard drive. Thoughts?
Amy: I can’t feel my legs.
Store assistant: Oh, I’m sorry, guys, but the store closed five minutes ago.
Sheldon: But I haven’t decided yet.
Store assistant: You’ll have to come back tomorrow. The registers are closed.
Amy: Let’s get you some food. You, You’ll feel better after you eat.
Sheldon: Okay.
Amy: What-what do you want, like, Thai food? A burger?
Sheldon: I don’t know. Hey, look, a quarter.
Scene: A film set. Penny is being fitted with gorilla hands.
Costume guy: How’s that feel?
Penny: Great. Not like regret at all.
Wil: Penny? We’re working together. Awesome.
 								
			
				Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: I got to tell you, the more I read about the primordial gravity wave discovery, the more excited I get.
Raj: I know. Being an astrophysicist right now is like being a rock star.
Howard: Only without the sex.
Raj: Yeah, literally, none of it.
Leonard: What do you think about it, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Meh.
Raj: Are you kidding me? This may be the biggest scientific breakthrough of our lifetime. How can you, as a theoretical physicist, not care about this?
Sheldon: Maybe it’s because I’m not an elitist. What I’d like to know is, how does this gravity wave breakthrough help the man on the street? You know? Who’s looking out for Joe six-pack and all his quantum physics concerns?
Leonard: Oh, my God, you’re jealous.
Sheldon: Why would I be jealous?
Leonard: Oh, I don’t know. Maybe because the origin of the universe just got proven, the Higgs field just got proven, and you’ve been working on string theory for the last 20 years and you’re no closer to proving it than when you started.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, I’ve had a lot on my plate. We happen to live in a golden age of television.
Barry: Excuse me, fewwas. Sowwy for eavesdwopping, but there actually was some big stwing theowy news today out of the Hadwon Cowwider.
Sheldon: Really? Did they find evidence to support extra dimensions or supersymmetry?
Barry: No, but they did find evidence that you’ll bewieve anything.
Sheldon: Why would you do that? You’re a string theorist as well.
Barry: Incowwect. I am a stwing pwagmatist. I say I’m gonna pwove something that cannot be pwoved, I appwy for gwant money, and then I spend it on wiquor and bwoads. Water.
Sheldon: Do you think he’s right? Am I wasting my life on a theory that can never be proven?
Howard: Maybe. But how great is Game of Thrones?
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Hey, you’re up early.
Sheldon: I couldn’t sleep.
Penny: I told you those Walking Dead pillowcases were a bad idea.
Sheldon: No, that’s not it.
Penny: Is something bothering you?
Sheldon: Yes, but you wouldn’t understand.
Penny: Oh, come on, try me.
Sheldon: All right. I’ve devoted the prime of my life to string theory and its quest for the compactification of extra dimensions. I’ve got nothing to show for it, and I feel like a fool.
Penny: Okay. I get it. I mean, not all the jibberjabber in the middle, but I know what it’s like to put your heart and soul into something and get nothing out of it.
Sheldon: You mean your acting career?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Your relationship with Leonard?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Your failed attempt to go back to college?
Penny: No. I’m saying you and string theory sound like a relationship, and I know what it’s like to be in one and realize it’s never gonna turn out the way you want.
Sheldon: I said Leonard, you said no.
Penny: I’m talking about other guys.
Sheldon: Okay. Well, what do you do?
Penny: You have to have the courage to end the relationship. You know? Break it off, shake hands, walk away.
Sheldon: I don’t know if I can do that.
Penny: I know it’s hard, honey, but in the end, that’s how you grow.
Leonard: Penny, have you seen my good inhaler?
Sheldon: Break it off, shake hands, walk away.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: Hey, how’s dating two women going?
Raj: Um, kind of hit a bump. When I was honest and told Emily she wasn’t the only person I was seeing, it went great. So I tried the same thing with Lucy.
Howard: And?
Raj: She had mixed feelings. But when I said, Emily was cool with it. Emily’s the best. Why can’t you
be more like Emily? Those feelings became less mixed.
Leonard: Women. Who knows what’ll set ’em off?
Raj: At least now I can focus all my energies on just one girl.
Howard: I hope I get to meet her as soon as possible.
Raj: Why the rush? She isn’t going anywhere.
Howard: She is. But I like that attitude.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, is anybody interested in my old string theory books?
Raj: You’re really going to do this?
Sheldon: I am. Yeah, Penny pointed out that what I’m going through is essentially a breakup. And according to Cosmopolitan magazine, one of the most effective techniques for moving on is to get rid of all reminders of the relationship.
Howard: You’re reading Cosmo?
Sheldon: Yes. As it turns out, there’s an article on how to get over a breakup in literally every issue. Anyway, it suggests that I set these on fire, but the smell of burning books reminds me of church picnics in East Texas.
Howard: What’s this?
Sheldon: Oh, that’s just a doodle of a hyperelliptic Riemann surface.
Leonard: Oh, yeah. Wasn’t that the basis of your postdoc fellowship?
Sheldon: It was. This seemed so elegant at the time, but now I realize I was just a simple country boy seduced by a big city theory with variables in all the right places.
Raj: It’s going to be okay.
Sheldon: I know. As hard as this is, I have to move on. I can’t keep postulating multidimensional entities and get nothing in return. I have needs, too.
Howard: So, you and Emily still together?
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Howard: I spoke to Bernadette. She’s free tomorrow night.
Raj: Oh, okay, great. But if we’re really gonna do a double date, then we have to go over some ground rules about Emily.
Howard: Like when it turns out she’s made of rubber, I don’t say anything?
Raj: She’s very real.
Howard: Oh, that’s what it says on the box. Right next to dishwasher safe.
Raj: See? This is exactly the kind of thing I’m worried about you saying in front of her.
Howard: I promise I’ll be on my best behaviour.
Raj: You better be. No jokes about how close I am with my dog. Or the truth about how close I am with my dog.
Howard: You got it.
Raj: No jokes about the year I took ballet.
Howard: You took ballet?
Raj: God, you never listen.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Are you sure you want to do this?
Sheldon: The magazine articles suggest that one of the ways to get over a breakup is a new look.
Leonard: What about your old look, well-groomed ventriloquist doll?
Penny (treating Sheldon as a ventriloquist doll): Oh my God, I do look like that.
Sheldon: You stop it.
Penny: So, how do you want me to cut it?
Sheldon: Oh, how about Bill Gates meets Nikola Tesla?
Leonard: So, business in the front, science in the back.
Penny: Or I don’t cut it and maybe just style it a little.
Sheldon: Oh, I’m in your hands. Do a good job and I’ll tell you Cosmo’s ten dynamite tips to enjoy your PMS.
Penny: Can you keep him quiet? Maybe jangle some keys in front of him?
Leonard: That doesn’t work any more. He just thinks I’m taking him to the doctor. So, now that you’re no longer invested in string theory, what are you gonna pursue?
Sheldon: Oh, there are so many exciting areas. Black holes, dark matter.
Penny: Oh, Leonard was telling me about dark matter, but I didn’t really understand it.
Sheldon: Don’t feel bad. Neither does he.
Penny: Okay, what do you think?
Sheldon: Have you ever even seen a picture of Tesla?
Leonard: It actually looks good, Sheldon.
Penny: Doesn’t it?
Leonard: Yeah.
Sheldon: I suppose I could see myself in a scientific boy band. Of course, I’d be the dreamy one and the smart one.
Amy: Sorry I’m late. What did you do?
Penny: I gave him a new look. It’s cute, huh?
Amy: Yeah, it’s cute. That’s the problem. I don’t need other girls to see him walking around like sex on a stick.
Sheldon: She’s right. I’m too hot.
Scene: A restaurant.
Bernadette: I’m excited to meet Emily.
Howard: Me, too. I just hope he doesn’t blow it.
Bernadette: Why would you say that?
Howard: Because he’s Raj, that’s his thing. Beckham can bend it, Ralph can wreck it, Raj can blow it. Look, I don’t want it to happen, but odds are he’s gonna find a way to… Oh, crap, I know that girl.
Bernadette: How?
Howard: In a bad way, very bad.
Raj: Hey, guys.
Howard: Whatever you hear tonight, just remember I love you. Hey.
Raj: Emily, these are my good friends, Howard and Bernadette. Guys, this is Emily.
Emily: Nice to meet you.
Bernadette: Hi.
Emily: Have we met before?
Howard: Uh, no. I, I don’t, I don’t think so.
Emily: You sure? You look familiar.
Howard: Well, you sure don’t. You I know, you I know, you? Total stranger. Even if you had yummy candy, I would not get in your van.
Emily: Did you go to that spin class on Green Street?
Howard: That must be it.
Raj: Since when do you go to spin class?
Howard: Wow. Now who doesn’t listen?
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Sheldon, your food’s getting cold. What are you doing?
Sheldon: Oh, looking through my textbooks for a new field of inquiry. Why do we have a geology book? Leonard, did you throw a children’s party while I was in Texas?
Penny: Wait. What’s wrong with geology?
Sheldon: Let me put this in a way you’ll understand, Penny. You remember how you explained to me that the Kardashians aren’t real celebrities? Well, geology is the Kardashians of science.
Sheldon: Have you considered studying standard model physics?
Sheldon: You want me to give up string theory for something that’s less advanced? You know, why don’t you break up with Penny and start dating a brown bear?
Penny: Like you could get a brown bear.
Leonard: Hey, I’ve got a good job. I could buy salmon. You don’t know.
Amy: Maybe you could make your new field of study the calculation of nuclear matrix elements.
Sheldon: Oh, please. If I wanted to take up a fad, I’d get a tramp stamp.
Leonard: What about loop quantum gravity?
Sheldon: Oh, Duchess, look at me. My quantum gravity’s positively loopy.
Penny: Who’s the duchess?
Leonard: One of the people that lives in his head.
Amy: I hope he’s this distraught if he ever breaks up with me.
Leonard: Well, if he does, I’ll see if my bear has a friend.
Penny: Sheldon, have you ever considered not rushing into something new? I mean, why don’t you take your time, enjoy your freedom? Maybe something new to study will find you.
Sheldon: That’s actually not bad advice. You know, I didn’t seek out string theory. It just hit me over the head one day.
Amy: How does that happen?
Sheldon: A bully chased me through the school library and hit me over the head with the biggest book he could find.
Penny: Okay, how about we toast your newfound freedom?
Sheldon: Ah, normally I refrain from alcohol, but since my cerebral cortex is twiddling its proverbial thumbs, why not soak it in grape juice that’s been predigested by a fungus?
Penny: And you wonder why other children beat you with books. Cheers!
Scene: The restaurant.
Bernadette: Emily, what do you do?
Emily: I’m a dermatology resident at Huntington Hospital.
Raj: Mmm, and you know what that means. Someone’s skin’s about to be softer than ever.
Emily: This is making me crazy. I know I know you from somewhere.
Raj: Oh, uh, Howard was an astronaut. Maybe that’s where you saw him.
Emily: Wow. That’s amazing. What was that like?
Howard: It was the most incredible experience of my life. Up there in the space station, you’re…
Emily: Oh, my God, I remember.
Howard: Can I finish my astronaut story?
Emily: It was four years ago.
Howard: Please don’t say it.
Emily: We were set up on a blind date.
Howard: Please don’t say it.
Emily: You came to my apartment.
Howard: You’re saying it.
Raj: Wh, what happened?
Bernadette: Yeah, what happened?
Howard: Okay, I’ll say it. I was on the way to pick her up. My stomach felt a little funny. When I got there, I asked if I could use her bathroom.
Bernadette: Please don’t say it.
Howard: One roll of toilet paper and 20 minutes later, I was so humiliated, I snuck out the window and never saw her again.
Emily: You know what else I never saw again, my security deposit.
Howard: I’m sorry. I tried to unclog it, but you didn’t have a plunger, and water was spilling out everywhere.
Emily: Right, just water.
Howard: Look, I have felt terrible about this for years, and I’m glad I have the opportunity to tell you just how sorry I am.
Emily: It’s fine. All my friends love this story. They call you Clogzilla.
Raj: Get it? Because you clogged up her bathroom like a radioactive monster!
Howard: Yeah, yeah, I get it.
Bernadette: Howie.
Howard: Well, hey, it’s not like cotton candy comes out of you.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Come on, let’s get you to bed. You’ve had a lot to drink.
Sheldon: No more than Penny.
Amy: That’s what I’m saying.
Sheldon: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. (Knock, knock, knock) Empty room. (Knock, knock, knock) Empty room. (Knock, knock, knock) Empty room. If somebody says come in, I’m gonna freak out.
Scene: The restaurant.
Bernadette: So, Emily, why did you decide to specialize in dermatology?
Emily: I like cutting people with knives, and all the other jobs where you get to do that are illegal.
Bernadette: You’re kidding, right?
Raj: She’s scary, but it’s a cute scary.
Howard: Can I say just one more thing? I had some kind of food poisoning that day. Sure, in retrospect, gas station sushi, maybe not the best choice. Nor was climbing out your window and running away. But I think we can all understand how humiliating that was, and I’d really appreciate it if we could move on.
Bernadette: Howie, we moved on a long time ago.
Howard: I’m just saying…
Bernadette: We moved on.
Howard: Okay. Fine.
Bernadette: How’s your soup?
Howard: Ah, it’s all right. They could’ve filled the bowl a little more. Excuse me.
Bernadette: Where are you going?
Howard: I need some fresh air.
Emily: Been there.
Scene: Sheldon, waking up in bed next to a Geology book.
Sheldon: Oh, no. What have I done?
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: How you feeling?
Sheldon: Not so good.
Leonard: Are you gonna introduce me to your friend?
Sheldon: It’s not my friend. Nothing happened.
Leonard: I don’t know. I heard you reading pretty loud last night.
Sheldon: Oh, dear Lord. Where’s Amy?
Leonard: After she put you to bed, she went home.
Sheldon: Oh. I should call her and apologize. Oh, no.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Apparently, I called Stephen Hawking last night.
Scene: Stephen Hawking’s office.
Answerphone: First new message.
Sheldon (voice): Hawkman. It’s your old buddy Sheldonoscopy. How come you didn’t pick up the phone? Oh, right. My bad.
Scene: The cafeteria..
Howard: You’re awful quiet. Everything okay?
Sheldon: Not really. I had a bit of an embarrassing evening.
Howard: Ugh. Me, too. What happened?
Sheldon: I drank alcohol and may have left an unfortunate voice mail for Stephen Hawking.
Howard: I wouldn’t worry about it. He’s got a pretty good sense of humour.
Sheldon: Oh, I hope so. What happened to you last night?
Howard: Oh, well, turns out I’d already met the girl Raj is seeing when I did a number on her bathroom. And that number was two.
Sheldon: Well, you know, I’ve always been a fan of a story told by Attar of Nishapur, about a king who assembled a group of wise men to create a ring that would make him happy when he was sad. And that ring was inscribed with the phrase, this too shall pass.
Barry: Hey, Cooper. I heard you dwunk-dialed Stephen Hawking last night? Classic.
Howard: Get out of here, Barry.
Barry: Whatever you say, Cwogziwwa.
Sheldon: Clogzilla. That’s pretty funny. I don’t think that’s gonna pass.
Scene: Stephen Hawking’s office.
Answerphone: Next message.
Sheldon (voice): It’s me again. I gave up string theory. You should give up black holes, and we can totally solve crimes together.
Answerphone: Next message.
Sheldon (voice): Do you know what’s great? Geology. Oh. Look at this geode. That’s fun to say. Gee-ode. Gee-ode.
Answerphone: Next message.
Sheldon (voice): Gee-ode. Gee-ode. I kiss girls now.
Answerphone: Next message.
Sheldon (voice): Hey, guess who I am. Beep bop boop bop. I’m you. Get it?
Answerphone: Next message.
Sheldon (voice): Are you mad at me? Oh, no, you’re mad at me. I’m so sorry. Beep bop boop bop.
Answerphone: Next message.
Sheldon (voice): Thiospinel sulfide. Thiospinel sulfide. That’s even more fun than gee-ode. Hey, did you see The Lego Movie?
Stephen Hawking: What a jackass.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Penny: So, we’re about to shoot this scene in the movie where the killer ape DNA is slowly taking over my body.
Leonard: Okay.
Penny: But I realize they’re gluing fur everywhere except my cleavage. So, I asked the director why and he says, it’s important to the story that my boobs be the last things to turn ape.
Leonard: It’s sweet that he thinks there’s a story.
Penny: Oh, and there’s not even a bathroom on set. I have to go to the gas station across the street. I mean, I was dressed like half an ape and still not even close to the most disgusting person in there.
Sheldon: Leonard, I could use your assistance.
Leonard: Sure. What’s up?
Sheldon: Well, now that I’ve given up string theory, I’m struggling to find my next area of focus. So, in your professional opinion, which of these areas do you think is the most promising?
Leonard: Huh, well, I think there’s some really innovative stuff going on in dark matter.
Sheldon: That’s helpful. Okay. Of these four areas…
Penny: Sheldon, what did we say about being a nicer friend?
Leonard: Thank you.
Penny: Leonard, what did we say about being a gullible weenie?
Sheldon: It is just so frustrating.
Penny: ‘Cause you’re trying too hard. You need to do something else, get your mind off it.
Leonard: Hey. How about we bring back Anything Can Happen Thursdays?
Penny: Hey, that’s good. Why’d you guys stop doing that?
Leonard: You made fun of us. Said it was stupid.
Penny: Yeah. Sounds like me. Come on, Sheldon. What do you say?
Sheldon: All right. I officially reinstate Anything Can Happen Thursday.
Leonard: Great, what do you want to do?
Sheldon: I don’t know. What do you want to do?
Penny: I don’t know. What do you want to do?
Leonard: I’m starting to remember the problem with Anything Can Happen Thursdays.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hmm, what can we do that’s fun?
Leonard: What can we do that’s different?
Penny: What can we do that’s free?
Sheldon: Oh, got it. We order a pizza.
Penny: Are you kidding? That’s what you always do. Think harder.
Sheldon: You’re right. You’re right. Got it. We order calzones, cut them open, eat them like pizza. All right, all right, I’ll shake the brain bush one more time, see what falls out. Got it. There’s a live-action role-playing group that meets every Thursday night in Griffith Park and re-enacts battles from Lord of the Rings.
Penny: Uh, tell me more about this calzone idea.
Leonard: You know what? Why don’t we just ease into this. Let, let’s go for a walk and, and, and see if we find a new restaurant.
Sheldon: Any chance that restaurant is near Griffith Park?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: All right.
Leonard: Raj and Howard are at Howard’s mom’s, but should we call the girls and see if they want to come?
Penny: No. Bernadette’s working late.
Sheldon: Amy’s sick.
Leonard: Aw. What’s wrong with her?
Sheldon: Well, she talks a lot. She always wants to hold hands.
Leonard: That’s not what I meant.
Sheldon: Well, if you were referring to her illness your question should have been, what ails her?
Leonard: What ails her?
Sheldon: Oh. Who knows?
Penny: Come on, anything can happen. We can push him down the stairs.
Scene: Howard’s mother’s house.
Howard: Hey. Thanks for coming to hang out.
Raj: No problem. How’s your mom feeling?
Howard: Okay, but she’d feel better if she took her medicine.
Raj: You know, when Cinnamon won’t take her medicine, I hide it in a piece of cheese.
Howard: Good idea. We can wrap the pill in cheese, feed it to Cinnamon, and then my mom can eat Cinnamon. So what do you feel like doing?
Raj: I was thinking we could watch a DVD.
Howard: Well, my mom doesn’t have a lot to choose from. Unless you want to watch the video of her colonoscopy. Spoiler alert, 20 minutes in they find a prune pit.
Raj: Actually, how do you feel about watching House of 1000 Corpses?
Howard: A straight-up gore-fest? You hate this stuff.
Raj: I do, but for some reason, Emily loves it and wants to watch it with me tomorrow, so I thought if I start with you first, then I could act cool about it with her.
Howard: That’s actually not a bad plan. I can sit through the colonoscopy now, but that first time I was like, oh my God, a prune pit.
Raj: Uh, so, you’ll watch it?
Howard: Sure.
Raj: You’re a good friend. I owe you one.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard. Help me get out of the tub.
Raj: Not that one.
Scene: The street. 
Sheldon: So, we’re just randomly choosing a restaurant without researching it online?
Penny: Yep.
Sheldon: Great. You know, this is how Anything Can Happen Thursday turns into It Won’t Stop Coming Up Friday.
Leonard: Hey, how about that Asian fusion place?
Sheldon: Fusion and Asians? I’m trying not to think about science.
Penny: What the hell? What? She’s not working late.
Sheldon: And Amy doesn’t look sick.
Penny: Why would they lie to us?
Sheldon: That’s a good question. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy and Bernadette. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy and Bernadette. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy and Bernadette. Why did you lie to us?
Scene: Howard’s mother’s house.
Raj: Hey. Listen to this. Murder, cannibalism and satanic rituals are just a few of the thousand plus horrors that await.
Howard: I just helped my mom out of the tub, so, I’m one slippery horror ahead of you.
Raj: You’re a good son. I don’t know how you do it.
Howard: Beach blankets, my friend, it’s all about beach blankets.
Raj: All right, let’s get this over with. Ew, it’s got someone’s hair on it.
Howard: Oh, yeah, you’re gonna do great with this movie.
Scene: A bar.
Penny: You’re not working late. Why did you lie to me?
Sheldon: And Amy, you told me you were sick, but you look just as pale and tired as always.
Amy: I’m sorry, I just needed a break from hearing you obsess about what to do after string theory.
Bernadette: We kind of just wanted one night where we didn’t have to hear about how miserable you are making this movie.
Amy: But none of that means we don’t love you.
Penny: I haven’t been complaining that much about the movie. Have I?
Leonard: I also love you.
Penny: Well you know what? Maybe I need a break from all of you. Come on, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Where are we going?
Penny: We’re gonna have Anything Can Happen Thursday, you’re gonna tell me all about your science stuff and I’m gonna complain about my movie, and we’re gonna support each other because that’s what friends do.
Sheldon: Okay. ‘Cause if I had to pick now, I’d probably go with dark matter because…
Penny: Shut up.
Scene: A restaurant. Sheldon makes an “unsure” noise.
Penny: What’s wrong?
Sheldon: I don’t understand my food. Chinese noodles with Korean barbecue in a taco.
Penny: It’s fusion.
Sheldon: My mother would lock her car doors if she had to drive through this hodgepodge of ethnicity.
Penny: Think I’ve been complaining too much about the movie?
Sheldon: Not at all.
Penny: Thank you.
Sheldon: But to be fair, when you talk, most of what you say sounds like, wah, wah, wah, clothes, wah, wah, wah.
Penny: Hey, I don’t understand why you’re not upset with Amy.
Sheldon: I am. So much so that I’m gonna bring her here for dinner on our next date night.
Scene: Howard’s mother’s house.
Raj: Okay. So, in the last 20 minutes, we’ve seen a crazy woman kissing a fetus in a jar. We’ve seen a guy cut in half and sewn to a fish.
Howard: And the brutal dismemberment of a rotisserie chicken by my mother.
Raj: On the bright side, she didn’t even notice the pill. Why does Emily like this stuff? Do you think there’s something psychologically wrong with her?
Howard: What difference does it make?
Raj: What do you mean?
Howard: Oh, come on, she could have a freezer full of ex-boyfriend’s body parts and you’d still go out with her.
Raj: I do like that the ex-boyfriend’s out of the picture.
Scene: The bar.
Amy: I feel so bad about lying to Sheldon. How am I gonna make it up to him?
Bernadette: I’d tell you what I do with Howard, but I don’t think dressing up like a Catholic schoolgirl is gonna work with Sheldon.
Leonard: He’d probably give you homework.
Amy: Did you lie to Howard about tonight?
Bernadette: Of course.
Amy: And you don’t feel guilty about it?
Bernadette: Between Penny’s gorilla movie and Howard’s gorilla mother, I had no choice.
Leonard: Thankfully Penny and I have a relationship based on honesty. What? I don’t lie to her.
Bernadette: Oh, we know you don’t lie to her.
Scene: The restaurant.
Penny: Thank you. Hey, maybe the answer to your career question is in one of these.
Sheldon: Penny, there’s only one cookie with something in the middle that solves life’s problems, and that’s an Oreo. Or a Nutter Butter, if you’re in a pinch.
Penny: Come on, open it. I bet it says something great.
Sheldon: This is Asian fusion. For all you know, there’s a tiny Chihuahua in here.
Penny: Fine, I’ll go. Hmm. People turn to you for guidance and wisdom. Yeah, that’s a good one.
Sheldon: No, it’s not.
Penny: How is that not good?
Sheldon: Turn to you for wisdom? Clearly, that cookie is mocking you. You’d never hear that kind of sass from a Nutter Butter.
Penny: Uh, since you’re paying for dinner, I’ll let that slide. Open yours.
Sheldon: Have you ever paid for a meal?
Penny: Not with money. Read.
Sheldon: Your warm and fun-loving nature delights those around you.
Penny: Oh, try again.
Scene: Howard’s mother’s house. 
Howard: Let me get this straight. So, he kills this girl’s father, cuts off the guy’s face, and is wearing it as a mask while he makes out with her.
Raj: I’m just gonna say it. That’s not okay. Why can’t I be in a relationship with a girl who likes The Sound of Music?
Howard: Raj, you are the girl in the relationship who likes The Sound of Music. (Phone rings) Hey, Penny. What’s up? No, Bernie’s working late. Really? Thanks for telling me.
Raj: What?
Howard: I’m having sex with a Catholic schoolgirl tonight.
Scene: The street. Outside a psychic’s shop.
Penny: Oh, I think I see our next stop.
Sheldon: You can’t be serious. If I wanted to waste my time on nonsense, I’d follow Leonard on Instagram.
Penny: No, come on, tonight we are trying new things.
Sheldon: Oh. That’s a lot of incense. Or someone set a hippie on fire.
Scene: Outside the bar.
Bernadette (on phone): Yeah, honey, I’m still stuck at work. Really? Penny said that? Okay, it’s true. I’m sorry. I’ll see you at home. Yeah, yeah, I’ll put it on.
Leonard: You and I never just hang out like this. Why is that?
Amy: I know, it’s weird, right?
Leonard: Yeah. We should do it more often.
Amy: Oh, no. I mean, this is weird right now.
Leonard: (Phone text sound) Ah, it’s Penny.
Amy: Is she still mad?
Leonard: Oh, doesn’t seem like it. She got Sheldon to go to a psychic with her.
Amy: A psychic? He considers them not just mumbo jumbo, but extra-jumbo mumbo jumbo.
Leonard: Well, Penny can be very persuasive. She’s gotten me to do a lot of things I wouldn’t normally do.
Amy: Because she has sex with you.
Leonard: Yeah, she does.
Amy: Can I confess something? Once in a while, I get a little jealous of how close Penny and Sheldon are.
Leonard: Really?
Amy: I mean, not in a romantic way. It’s just, she really has some sort of connection with him.
Leonard: Well, well they’ve known each other a long time, and Penny grew up around horses, so she knows how to approach him without making him skittish.
Amy: Don’t get me wrong, I’m glad they’re friends. I just wish he’d be that comfortable around me already.
Leonard: Well, it took him a long time to get comfortable around me, too.
Amy: Really? What did you do?
Leonard: Something terrible in a former life? I don’t know.
Bernadette: I gotta go. Penny ratted me out. FYI, she’s getting you a watch for your birthday with money she took out of your wallet.
Scene: The psychic shop.
Sheldon: I don’t mean to be rude or discourteous, but before we begin, I’d just like to say there is absolutely no scientific evidence to support clairvoyance of any kind. Which means, and again, no insult intended, that you’re a fraud, your profession is a swindle, and, uh, your livelihood is dependent on the gullibility of stupid people. Again, no offence.
Penny: All right, Sheldon, just ask your question.
Sheldon: Okay, I just did. What was it?
Penny: Oh, for God’s sake. Look, he’s a physicist who’s trying to figure out what his next field of study should be.
Sheldon: For your information, I was asking her about the next Star Trek movie.
Penny: Okay, I can answer that one, I’ll be bored.
Psychic: All right, why don’t we begin? Your spirit guides are telling me that there’s a woman in your life you’re having problems with.
Sheldon: That’s an easy guess. I’m clearly an annoying person and have problems with both genders.
Psychic: Yes, you clearly are. But I’m seeing a specific woman that you’re in a romantic relationship with.
Penny: Oh, oh, here we go.
Psychic: Does she have dark hair?
Penny: Yes, yes, your spirit guides are on fire.
Sheldon: The majority of people have dark hair. Even you, at one time.
Psychic: Does she work in a similar field to you?
Sheldon: Ha. The opposite. She’s a neurobiologist, and I’m a theoretical physicist. My spirit guides can go suck an egg.
Psychic: They’re telling me that you have difficulty being close with her.
Penny: Oh, he does. He so does. What should he do?
Psychic: He should give himself to this relationship. Once he does, all his other pursuits will come into focus.
Penny: Sheldon, do you hear that? I mean, Amy is the key to your happiness.
Psychic: Exactly. Personally and professionally. Everything will fall into place once you commit to her.
Sheldon: You know what this is? Yeah, and I reserve this word for those rare instances when it’s truly deserved. This is malarkey.
Penny: Wow, you really struck a nerve. I’ve never heard him use the M word before.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj: Here we go, House of a 1,000 Corpses.
Emily: Now, just so you know, I was a nanny for three years, so if you get scared, I can totally change your diaper.
Raj: Actually, I have to tell you something. These kind of movies really aren’t my thing, so, last night, I watched it just to see what I was getting myself into.
Emily: Okay.
Raj: And I have to be honest, I thought it was disturbing and weird, and it made me wonder what it says about someone who enjoys it.
Emily: I wonder that, too.
Raj: Then, why do you watch these things?
Emily: Can I tell you something without you judging me?
Raj: Sure.
Emily: They kind of turn me on.
Raj: And play.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hello. I didn’t expect you this evening.
Amy: Well, I was just feeling so bad about lying to you the other night, I wanted to make it up to you.
Sheldon: And how do you propose to do that? (Amy takes off coat and is dressed as a Catholic schoolgirl) Unless you have Gravity on Blu-ray under that skirt, I don’t know where you’re going with this.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, Star Wars Day is rapidly approaching. We should finalize our plans.
Penny: What? That’s a real thing? What is it, Star Wars Christmas?
Howard: No. Don’t be ridiculous. That’s Wookiee Life Day.
Penny: So, when is it?
Leonard: Uh, well, it’s not May the fifth, and it’s not May the third. It’s May the fourth.
Sheldon: Get it?
Raj: May the fourth be with you?
Leonard: May the force be with you. Get it?
Penny: Oh, no. This face wasn’t because I didn’t get it.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom. There is a knock on the door.
Sheldon: Come in.
Leonard: Hey, you got a second?
Sheldon: Yes. Actually, I’m glad you’re here. I’m working on the Star Wars Day schedule. Now, I have a window built in after Phantom Menace for complaining, but I’m worried an hour won’t be enough time.
Leonard: Sheldon, I’ve got some bad news.
Sheldon: What is it?
Leonard: I just read online that Arthur Jeffries passed away.
Sheldon: Professor Proton is dead?
Leonard: Sorry, buddy.
Sheldon: What are you doing?
Leonard: Comforting you?
Sheldon: Your heart might be in the right place, but your head, chest and arms certainly aren’t.
Leonard: Anyway, the, the funeral’s on Sunday.
Sheldon: But, that’s Star Wars Day.
Leonard: Yeah, um, of all the things about this that are sad, that might not be number one. You okay? I know he meant a lot to you.
Sheldon: I’m fine.
Leonard: Okay. Yet he cried when they changed the Raisin Bran box.
Scene: Amy’s apartment. 
Professor Proton (on youtube): This, uh, this is something interesting boys and girls. After an owl eats, he spits up part of his meal that he can’t digest, in the form of a pellet. Is, isn’t that a hoot? We’ll be right back after I fire my writers. (Owl hoots) Oh, shut up.
Amy: Watching your old friend?
Sheldon: Hmm. Yes. Look at him, Amy. It’s such a shame. Struck down in the prime of my life.
Amy: Do you want me to go to the funeral with you?
Sheldon: Oh, I’m not going to the funeral.
Amy: Why not?
Sheldon: All those people blowing their noses. You can’t tell the sick from the sad. Mm. I’ll be at home celebrating Star Wars Day, as planned.
Amy: Are you sure you don’t want to go say good-bye?
Sheldon: Amy, mourning the inevitable is a complete waste of time.
Amy: And watching a bunch of goofy space movies you’ve seen hundreds of times isn’t?
Sheldon: If we were in a physical relationship, you just lost sex tonight.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Hey, guys.
Raj: Hey, Penny. Happy Star Wars Day.
Penny: Okay.
Raj: Can I make you breakfast? Admiral Ackbar’s Snack Bar is open for business.
Penny: No, thanks. Leonard and I are just going to the funeral.
Howard: You sure. Not even coffee? We have R2-Decaf. Maybe a nice Cafe Au Leia?
Raj: And if you’re not in the mood for coffee I can always make you a Chai Tea-3PO.
Penny: Oh, I get it, like C3PO. What happened to me?
Raj: Hey, uh, Sheldon, you want anything?
Sheldon: Uh, no, thank you.
Howard: You’re being so quiet. Are you upset or are you just rebooting?
Sheldon: I’m fine.
Penny: Sweetie, are you sure you don’t want to come with us to the funeral?
Sheldon: Oh, I appreciate the offer, but Arthur is gone and there’s nothing I can do about it. When Darth Vader struck down Obi-Wan, did Luke cry like a baby and go to his funeral?
Penny: No, he blew up the Death Star. Why do I know this?
Sheldon: Arthur Jeffries was a scientist. I’m sure he didn’t care about silly superstitions like funerals. You know, if he were here, I think he’d say enjoy Star Wars Day.
Leonard: He was 84, he’d say where’s my pudding?
Raj: Before you go, at least let me pack you some Attack of the Scones for the road.
Penny: Oh, like Attack of the Clones. We are leaving right now.
Scene: Amy”s apartment. 
Amy: Arthur passing away was harder on Sheldon than he’s ready to admit. Really hoping this will cheer him up.
Bernadette: Me, too. Although, it might’ve been thoughtless of us to bake a Death Star cake.
Amy: No, it combines two of Sheldon’s favorite things, chocolate chips and the ability to destroy a planet at the push of a button.
Bernadette: Well, anyway, it’ll be a nice surprise for the boys. And Howie doesn’t think I take his interests seriously, so hopefully this will keep him fooled for a while.
Amy: Okay, let’s get the fondant and start decorating.
Bernadette: This is pretty cool. You don’t see too many spherical cakes.
Amy: I wonder why that is.
Scene: The funeral.
Penny: I have a confession to make.
Leonard: Hmm?
Penny: I’ve never been to a funeral before.
Leonard: Really?
Penny: I just never knew anyone that died. I had a pet pig when I was a kid. I mean, when he died, we didn’t have a funeral, we had a barbecue.
Leonard: Yeah, we won’t be eating Arthur tonight.
Penny: I didn’t know him very well, but I still really liked him. It’s weird that he’s just gone.
Leonard: I know.
Penny: I feel like I want to cry.
Leonard: Oh that’s, that’s fine. Go ahead.
Penny: I can’t do it with you staring at me.
Leonard: Sorry.
Penny: No, I’m dry. You’re a big crybaby, you start, I’ll join in.
Leonard: I am not a crybaby.
Penny: Toy Story 3?
Leonard: The toys were holding hands in a furnace. Look, Arthur lived a full life. And he inspired a lot of people. Sure, he, he was my childhood hero, but the fact that I got to work with him, side by side, before he died was, it was, it was a gift.
Penny: It was a gift. Thank you for being the emotional one in this relationship.
Leonard: I got your back.
Penny: Yeah.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: Okay, here we go. Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
Raj: Ugh, let’s get this over with.
Howard: Since we all agree Episode I isn’t our favourite, maybe we just skip it this time.
Sheldon: Howard, I think you of all people should avoid espousing the principle that if something is not our favourite we should just get rid of it.
Raj: You know, I heard of this way of watching the movies called the Machete Order, where you watch Episodes IV and V, then skip Episode I, watch II and III as a flashback, and then finish with VI.
Howard: Okay, so you’d lose most of Jar Jar, all the trade route talk and the boring senate hearings, which are like watching C-SPAN with monsters.
Sheldon: Get rid of the trade route part? Then how would Palpatine get Chancellor Valorum kicked out of office? How would he get himself elected? How? Can we get through one holiday without you saying something ridiculous?
Raj: It was just a suggestion.
Sheldon: Well, you know what else was just a suggestion? Why don’t we change the Raisin Bran box? Hmm? And you know who got hurt by that? Every single person who eats breakfast.
Raj: Wow.
Howard: I think he’s taking this Professor Proton thing pretty hard.
Raj: Should we try to console him?
Howard: Or should we respect his privacy in this moment of grief?
Raj: By staying here and watching the movie.
Howard: That’s what good friends would do.
Scene: Later.
Howard: Well, at least without Sheldon here, we got to start with Episode IV.
Raj: Mm, true. I do feel guilty about him.
Howard: Me, too.
Raj: Maybe we should see how he’s doing.
Howard: Yeah.
Raj: But after the cantina scene.
Howard: Obviously.
Scene: Sheldon, dreaming he is in the living room of the apartment on his laptop.
Sheldon: Look at Arthur, cracking up at a joke I told him. I’ll never hear that laugh again.
Arthur: You never heard it that time.
Sheldon: Arthur. I thought you were dead.
Arthur: I am. Oh, it, it’s fantastic. I mean this, this is the longest that I’ve gone without running into a men’s room in, in, in years.
Sheldon: Why are you here?
Arthur: I don’t know. I was, I was hoping I was going to haunt my ex-wife.
Sheldon: I know why. You’ve come to me because you’re my Obi-Wan.
Arthur: I’m, I’m not, I’m not familiar with that. Is, is, is that an, an Internet?
Sheldon: Wow. Uh, you’re dead, so I’m going to let that slide. Obi-Wan Kenobi is a character from Star Wars. After his physical demise, he comes to Luke Skywalker as his mentor in spirit form.
Arthur: Well, that, that clears that up.
Sheldon: You must be here to give me advice.
Arthur: Well, this, this is weird. Most, most of my robes open in, in the back.
Sheldon: Those are your Jedi robes.
Arthur: Oh, wait. What, what, what is, what is this?
Sheldon: Be careful with that.
Arthur: Oh. Oh. Oh, neato. I’m, uh, I’m going to need a Band-Aid.
Scene: The funeral.
Leonard: So, what did you think of your first funeral?
Penny: Well, I don’t want to be a jerk, but it was kind of a bummer.
Leonard: Yeah, well, when I die, you can rent a bounce house.
Penny: You think about dying?
Leonard: Mm. Well, I think more about if I’d have any regrets.
Penny: What would you regret?
Leonard: Mm, you know, that I didn’t travel more, take more risks, learn another language.
Penny: You know Klingon.
Leonard: That’s true.
Penny: No, I meant that as a regret.
Leonard: I just thought of one more.
Penny: What’s that?
Leonard: I regret not saying yes when you asked me to marry you.
Penny: Well, it just wasn’t the right time.
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: And this is also not the right time. Do not propose.
Leonard: What?
Penny: I know that face. That’s your propose face.
Leonard: I was not gonna propose. It’s already two to one.
Penny: What’s two to one?
Leonard: I proposed twice, you proposed once. Two to one.
Penny: Oh, my. It’s not a contest.
Leonard: I don’t know what you’re upset about. I’m the one who’s losing.
Penny: Okay. Fine. Would you feel better if I propose so you could turn me down again?
Leonard: Yeah, I think I would.
Penny: Okay. Leonard, will you marry me?
Leonard: Hmm.
Penny: No, don’t you dare. You reject me right now and tie things up.
Leonard: It’s just such a big decision. I don’t want to have any regrets.
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Amy: Did you ever watch Professor Proton when you were a kid?
Bernadette: No. My dad controlled the TV, so unless someone was a Texas Ranger, Jake or the Fatman, we didn’t see it.
Amy: I never watched him, either, but he seems to be the reason that Sheldon got interested in science.
Bernadette: Not me. I got into science ’cause I was always the smallest kid in school, so I thought if I became a scientist, I could invent a formula that made me taller.
Amy: That’s cute.
Bernadette: Yeah, I thought it was working for a while, but then I found out my brother was just lowering the pencil marks on the door frame. How about you?
Amy: Oh, I guess it must have been back when I was in the Girl Sprouts.
Bernadette: Girl Sprouts?
Amy: My mom made it up as an alternative to the Girl Scouts. She didn’t want me selling cookies on some street corner like a whore.
Bernadette: How did that get you into science?
Amy: Oh, I went to the library and took out a book on biology to see what whores did.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Leonard: On the one hand, if I say yes…
Penny: This isn’t funny anymore. Just say no so we’re done with this. Will you marry me or not?
Leonard: Ooh, interesting. Did you just propose to me again?
Penny: No.
Leonard: Really? Because I just heard will you marry me? That’s two proposals, one day. Sounds like someone wants to spend the rest of her life telling people how to spell the name Hofstadter.
Penny: You know what? Fine. Do whatever you want.
Leonard: Hey. Penny, don’t get upset. Here. I love you, but, no, I will not marry you.
Penny: Thank you.
Leonard: Now, about that second proposal. On the one hand…
Scene: Sheldon’s dream.
Arthur: Where, where, where are we?
Sheldon: This is the swampland of Dagobah. It’s where Luke was trained in the ways of the Jedi.
Arthur: Oh. Too bad. I thought it was Florida.
Sheldon: When Obi-Wan came to Luke on this very spot, he gave him all sorts of helpful advice. So, um, what do you got for me?
Arthur: Um, always, get, get a prenup.
Sheldon: That’s it? I thought there’d be more of a reason why you’re here.
Arthur: Well, why, why do you think I’m here?
Sheldon: I suppose it has something to do with your recent passing.
Arthur: Is, is this the, the first time you’ve lost, you know, someone close to you?
Sheldon: Oh, no. No. I’ve already had to say good-bye to 11 Dr. Whos.
Arthur: Yeah, I’ve, I’ve outlived a few of my doctors, too.
Sheldon: Of course, my grandfather died when I was five. My father died when I was 14.
Arthur: I’m, I’m sorry about that.
Sheldon: And now you’re gone, too. It’s like all the men I’ve looked up to have gone away.
Arthur: Well, you know, it’s, it’s okay to, to be sad about them. Just, just make sure, you know, you appreciate those who, who are still there for you.
Sheldon: But I do appreciate them.
Arthur: Well, then, what am I doing in a swamp dressed like Friar Tuck? Appreciate them, Sheldon. (Sheldon is woken up by a knocking on his bedroom door.)
Leonard: Hey, buddy. Heard you’re having a rough day. You all right?
Sheldon: I’m okay. How was the funeral?
Leonard: It was nice, you know. A lot of people showed up, told some great stories about him. Did you know that Arthur’s son is a high school sci…? (Sheldon hugs him) Hey, the guys are about to start Jedi. You want to go watch?
Sheldon: I do. After I make them go back and watch one through five first.
Leonard: Sheldon, that, that’ll take us all night.
Sheldon: That’s true. Oh, it’s a good thing I had a nap.
Scene: The apartment. 
Howard: Boy, some of the physical comedy with Jar Jar is a little tough to watch.
Leonard: At least they toned him down in the second one.
Penny: Yeah, he is pretty stupid.
Raj: Hey, we can say it. You can’t.
Amy: Hey, guys.
Bernadette: Happy Star Wars Day.
Sheldon: Wow. A Death Star cake.
Amy: Yeah. We were hoping it might cheer you up.
Bernadette: And even though it meant we had to miss the movies, we could still be part of the fun.
Howard: Well, you didn’t miss anything. We just started over.
Bernadette: Son of a bitch.
Scene: The same, everyone is falling asleep.
Sheldon: You’re back.
Arthur: Yeah, apparently, um, I’m here whenever, when, whenever you need me.
Sheldon: That’s nice.
Arthur: May, maybe for you.
Sheldon: Why do I need you now?
Arthur: Well, as near as I could tell, you, you fell asleep watching Star Wars, and now you’re, you’re dreaming you’re watching Star Wars.
Sheldon: So?
Arthur: I mean, don’t, don’t you see a problem there? I mean, how, how you’re spending your limited time on Earth?
Sheldon: Not at all.
Arthur: Okay, good luck to you.
 								
			
				Scene: The upstairs landing of Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Bernadette: Almost there. You’re doing great.
Howard: Thanks for lifting my spirits. Next time, try lifting the box.
Raj: Please hurry.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): I don’t need a treadmill.
Howard: The doctor says you need to get exercise.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): I get plenty of exercise.
Howard: Crushing my will to live isn’t exercise.
Raj: If she isn’t gonna use it, then why are we doing this?
Howard: She’ll use it. All I need is to rig it with a fishing pole and a HoneyBaked Ham.
Raj: All right. Now what?
Bernadette: We set it up in Howie’s old room.
Raj: Do you know how to set it up?
Howard: Please, I’m an MIT-trained engineer. I think I can handle… Ma, look out.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Aaaaah! I told you this thing would kill me.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: So she’s gonna be laid up for at least six weeks.
Leonard: Poor Mrs. Wolowitz.
Amy: Should we do something for her?
Sheldon: I know. Let’s go see the new Spider-Man movie.
Amy: Sheldon, we’re talking about your friend’s mother. She got hurt.
Sheldon: I thought that subject had run its course, so I changed it. It’s called reading the room, Amy.
Penny: Hi.
Leonard: Hey, how were things on the set?
Penny: Uh, pretty good, actually.
Raj: So the movie’s not as bad as you thought?
Penny: Oh, no, it is, but I decided instead of complaining about it, I’m just gonna go in every day and give it my all.
Amy: Good for you.
Penny: Thanks. There’s no reason why I shouldn’t be the best bisexual go-go dancer slowly transforming into a killer gorilla anyone’s ever seen.
Leonard: I don’t know. The bisexual gorilla go-go dancer in Schindler’s List is tough to beat.
Sheldon: Ah, very good. Because a gorilla go-go dancer of any sexual preference would be out of place in a film about the Holocaust.
Leonard: It only gets funnier when you explain it, Sheldon.
Sheldon: I know.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Howard: Okay, she’s all settled in the guest room.
Bernadette: Maybe we should get one of those machines to help her up the stairs.
Howard: You mean a forklift?
Bernadette: Howie.
Howard: I’m sorry. I just can’t deal with this right now.
Bernadette: Taking care of your own mother? How can you say that?
Howard: Bernie, she’s gonna be off her feet for six to eight weeks. Are you prepared to feed her, wash her and take her to the toilet?
Bernadette: I would do it for my mother.
Howard: Yeah, of course you would, you’re a loving person. I’m what my people would call a putz.
Bernadette: Look, I’m not crazy about the idea, but what other choice do we have?
Howard: We get a nurse. Preferably someone from a third world country who’s used to suffering and unpleasant smells.
Bernadette: You’d hire a total stranger to take care of the woman who raised you? That’s so cruel.
Howard: Not if we pay them well and let them listen to the music of their homeland.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): I need to tinkle.
Howard: Sounds like a job for a loving person. Would you like me to play some Polish music while you carry her to the toilet?
Bernadette: You are a putz.
Howard: As advertised.
Scene: A cinema.
Sheldon: Thanks for coming with me.
Raj: Thanks for inviting me after everyone else said no. Aren’t you gonna get 3-D glasses?
Sheldon: I brought my own. No sense in risking bridge-of-nose herpes.
Raj: Is that a real thing?
Sheldon: Well, until they invent nose condoms, I’m not finding out.
Raj: Emily, Hey.
Emily: Oh, hey, Raj.
Raj: Uh, this is my friend, Sheldon. Sheldon, this is Emily.
Sheldon: Oh, yes, you’re the dermatologist. I went for a walk yesterday without sunscreen. Do you see anything on my forehead that I should be concerned about?
Emily: Um, you know what? I better go. My movie’s about to start.
Raj: Are you here alone?
Emily: No, not really.
Raj: What do you mean, not really?
Man: Hey, should we get our seats?
Emily: Yeah. It was nice seeing you. Um, I’ll call you later.
Raj: Yeah, okay.
Sheldon: That was awkward, right?
Raj: Uh-huh.
Sheldon: Is it because she’s dating you but was out with that other fellow?
Raj: Yes.
Sheldon: Good. I thought she saw something on my forehead.
Scene: The movie set. 
Director: And action.
Wil Wheaton: Please don’t shut me out.
Penny: Go away. Just go away.
Wil: I swear, I will find a way to turn you back.
Penny: What gave you the right to mix my DNA with that of a killer gorilla?
Wil: I was trying to save your life.
Penny: Life? What life? Look at me, I’m a monster. And now I have blood on my hands, or paws. I don’t know.
Wil: You can’t give up. I love you.
Penny: I love you, too. But I’m afraid I love killing more. Like, one day, I might actually try and kill you.
Director: And cut. All right. All right, let’s set up for the next scene.
Penny: Actually, you know what? Can we do one more? I think I could do it better.
Director: Let’s just move on. No one cares.
Penny: Well, I care. I mean, look, if we’re gonna do this, why not try and make it something we’re actually proud of?
Director: Look, sweetie, this movie is garbage, but you should be happy about that, ’cause if it was a good movie, you wouldn’t be in it.
Leonard: Whoa, whoa, hang on. There’s no need to insult her.
Director: And who are you?
Leonard: I’m her boyfriend.
Director: Isn’t she too hot for you?
Leonard: A little, yeah.
Director: Well, boyfriend, get off my set.
Penny: You can’t do that. He’s with me.
Director: You know what? You can get off my set, too. You’re fired.
Penny: What? You can’t fire me. I’m the star. I’m the girl that goes bananas. It says so on the poster.
Director: Yeah, but we just shot the last scene where we see your face. So from now own, the star of the movie is whoever wears this.
Wil: Hey, if you’re gonna fire her, then you have to fire me, too.
Scene: A bar.
Wil: Wow, that fell apart really fast.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Thanks for skipping the movie. I couldn’t sit in that theatre for two hours wondering about Emily and that guy.
Sheldon: Oh, quite all right. After my forehead melanoma scare I’ve learned not to sweat the small stuff. Well, sorry, I don’t have all the ingredients to make chai tea.
Raj: You don’t have to make me anything.
Sheldon: No, I do. You’re upset about Emily and you’re Indian. I need to make you chai tea. Now, I have all the ingredients except cardamom seeds. Do you happen to have any on you?
Raj: Sorry, I left them in my turban.
Sheldon: Oh, I’ll make English breakfast tea. They destroyed your culture. That’s close enough. You know, I’m curious, why are you so upset about seeing Emily with another man?
Raj: Wouldn’t you be upset if you saw Amy out with someone else?
Sheldon: Can’t happen. We have an ironclad relationship agreement which precludes her from physical contact with anyone other than me.
Raj: But you don’t have sex with her, either.
Sheldon: Slick, huh?
Raj: To be truthful, Emily and I haven’t dated that long, and we never agreed to be exclusive to each other.
Sheldon: Have you had intercourse?
Raj: No.
Sheldon: Well, stick to your guns. There will be a lot of pressure.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): I’m hungry again.
Howard: It’s like the world’s fattest cuckoo clock.
Bernadette: You know, you’re always talking about having a baby someday. This is exactly what it’s gonna be like.
Howard: No, it’s not.
Bernadette: Come on. The constant fussing, eating, pooping, burping, drooling. We’re even waiting for the day when she can finally walk on her own.
Howard: Maybe you’re right. Anything she finds on the floor goes right in her mouth.
Bernadette: I’m just telling you now, if we do have kids, don’t expect me to do all the work.
Howard: Hey, I’m a very paternal person. I’d be excellent at taking care of a baby.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): I’m still hungry.
Howard: I’m coming, you big baby.
Scene: The bar.
Penny: You know, the only thing worse than doing a movie where they glue monkey hair to your ass is getting fired from a movie where they glue monkey hair to your ass.
Wil: Forget it, man, it’s crap. You just move on to the next thing.
Penny: Yeah, well, it’s easy for you to say. You used to be famous.
Wil: Hey. I just lost a job for you.
Penny: All right, I’m sorry, you’re famous.
Wil: Penny, it’s not about being famous. It’s about the art. It’s about the passion we have for our craft. (Text message tone) I have an audition for Sharknado 2. If I book this, I am totally gonna pay you back for this beer.
Penny: God, what am I doing with my life?
Leonard: You having second thoughts about acting?
Penny: You were on set, you saw what it was like.
Leonard: Yeah, but it’s not always that bad.
Penny: Oh, really?
Leonard: What about when you did, uh, Anne Frank at that cute little theater?
Penny: It was over a bowling alley.
Leonard: Yeah, but there was ample parking.
Penny: Are you done?
Leonard: And you were so good in the TV commercial.
Penny: It was for haemorrhoid cream.
Leonard: And I got itchy and swollen just watching you.
Penny: Leonard, you are really not cheering me up.
Leonard: Come on. How can you be sad when you’re going home with all five-foot-six of this?
Penny: Hmm. You think you’re five-foot-six, that’s funny.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: I don’t understand it. I’m a nice guy, I have a great job, I’m well-educated, come from a good family. Why don’t women want to be with me?
Sheldon: An interesting question. Well, good night.
Raj: What? Don’t send me home. I can’t be alone right now.
Sheldon: That’s your problem. You can’t be alone.
Raj: What do you mean?
Sheldon: How many women have you had dates with?
Raj: Eleven.
Sheldon: How many of those women did you think would become your perfect companion?
Raj: Eleven. Wait. Do I count the 200-pound Sailor Moon girl that Howard and I had a threesome with at Comic Con?
Sheldon: Sure.
Raj: I’ll stick with eleven. She liked Howard better.
Sheldon: Well, now do you see the problem?
Raj: Maybe. I, I don’t know.It’s late, I should, I should go. Look, I do get what you’re saying. Instead of desperately clinging to any woman who will go out with me, I need to work on my fear of being alone.
Sheldon: I was trying to suggest chemical castration, but it’s my bedtime, so whatever gets you out the door. Good night.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Bernadette: Howie, I’m back!
Howard: Shh, I just got her to sleep.
Bernadette: Sorry.
Howard: What took you so long? The grocery store is a few blocks away.
Bernadette: They only had regular yoghurt. I had to go to a different store to get the extra-fat kind your mom likes.
Howard: Then why do I smell coffee on your breath?
Bernadette: So what? After two days of taking care of her, excuse me for stopping to get a mocha.
Howard: A mocha? Well, it must be nice to be queen.
Bernadette: Queen? I’ve been killing myself here.
Howard: Well, whose fault is that? I wanted to get a nurse, but you were all, I’m nice, I want to take care of people.
Bernadette: I’m glad I got that mocha. And you know what else I’m glad about? I bought you a brownie and I ate it in the car.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard.
Howard: Thanks a lot. Now I have to go rub her belly again.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj: Hey.
Emily: Thanks for letting me come over.
Raj: Of course. Please, come in.
Emily: I just wanted to say how sorry I am about tonight, and I want to make sure that we’re okay.
Raj: Uh, look, you and I haven’t made any commitments to each other.
Emily: I know. I just felt like I needed to explain. The guy I was with did my last tattoo, and he’s been asking me out for months. I finally said yes just to get it over with.
Raj: It’s okay.
Emily: Really?
Raj: Well, I mean, yeah, it freaked me out a little, but that’s my issue, not yours.
Emily: Wow. If I saw you out with another woman, I’d be pretty upset.
Raj: Thank you. Not just for being upset, but for believing that could happen.
Emily: Just so you know, I’m not seeing anyone else.
Raj: Well, me, neither.
Emily: Okay.
Raj: Okay. Please. So, uh, you, you have tattoos?
Emily: Yeah.
Raj: I don’t. I have a hole in my belly button that may or may not have been a piercing.
Emily: That’s cool.
Raj: It’s a piercing. So, uh, how many tattoos?
Emily: One on my shoulder, one not on my shoulder and one really not on my shoulder.
Raj: It’s, uh, been a long time since I’ve seen a girl’s really not her shoulder.
Emily: Well, how about you show me your piercing and I show you my tattoos?
Raj: But, uh, before I take my shirt off, I just need like ten minutes to do some crunches.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Oh, my God. What a day.
Leonard: Can I get you anything?
Penny: No. I need to start making some smart decisions.
Leonard: With your career?
Penny: With my life.
Leonard: Like what?
Penny: I don’t know. We could get married.
Leonard: Come on, be serious.
Penny: I am.
Leonard: Why? Because I’m a, a smart decision?
Penny: Well, yeah.
Leonard: So I’m like a bran muffin.
Penny: What? No, that’s not what I’m saying.
Leonard: No, it’s exactly what you’re saying. I’m the boring thing you’re choosing because I’m good for you.
Penny: What does it matter? The point is, I’m choosing you.
Leonard: Well, it matters a lot. I don’t want to be a bran muffin. I, I want to be a Cinnabon, you know? A strawberry Pop-Tart. Something you’re excited about even though it could give you diabetes.
Penny: Sweetie, you can be any pastry you want.
Leonard: No, no. No, it’s too late. I’m your bran muffin. Probably fat-free and good for your colon.
Penny: You know what? Forget it. I never should’ve brought it up.
Leonard: You know I want to marry you, but you’re only doing this because you got fired and you’re feeling sorry for yourself.
Penny: Okay, it may look that way, but getting fired from that movie was the best thing that could have happened to me, okay? I finally realize I don’t need to be famous or have some big career to be happy.
Leonard: Then what do you need?
Penny: You, you stupid Pop-Tart.
Leonard: Oh. Then I guess I’m in.
Penny: Really? You guess you’re in?
Leonard: Not like, I guess I’m in. Like I guess, I’m in!
Penny: Okay. Leonard: Cool.
Leonard: So is that it? Are, are we engaged?
Penny: Yeah, I think so.
Leonard: All right.
Penny: What’s wrong?
Leonard: I’m not sure. Just feels a little anticlimactic.
Penny: Yeah, it kind of does, huh?
Leonard: Oh, I know. This might help.
Penny: Where did you get a ring?
Leonard: I’ve had it for a couple years, not important. Penny, will you marry me?
Penny: Oh, my God, yes.
Leonard: This would have been so much more romantic if you didn’t have monkey hair on your finger.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Howard: How you feeling?
Bernadette: Last night was a little rough, but I think we’re gonna get through this.
Howard: I’m proud of us.
Bernadette: Me, too.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Where’s my pancakes?!
Foreign Nurse: Coming, Mrs. Wolowitz!
Bernadette: You were right.
Howard: Welcome to Team Putz.
 								
			
				Scene: The Apartment.
Leonard: How’s your mom holding up?
Howard: She’s doing okay, but we just lost another nurse.
Amy: How many is that now?
Howard: Two, and I know what you’re thinking, she’s eating them.
Bernadette: She’s just so impossible, they keep quitting.
Sheldon: So, who’s watching her now?
Howard: A bowl full of M&M’s with a few Ambien tossed in.
Raj: What up, guys?
All: Hello, hey!
Leonard: Okay. Well, now that everyone’s here, Penny and I have some big news. We’re engaged.
General cheering and congratulations.
Raj: And I thought me having sex with Emily was gonna be the big news.
General cheering and congratulations.
Leonard: Hey, hey, what the hell?
Bernadette: You guys propose all the time. This never happens.
Penny: You’re right! Yay!
Credits sequence.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Raj: Boy, I’m so hungry today. I wonder why?
Howard: Because you had sex the other night?
Raj: You know what? That may be it. By the way, it isn’t like riding a bike. Like, I fell off a few times.
Leonard: Hey, buddy.
Sheldon: Hello.
Leonard: You okay?
Sheldon: I just got called into President Siebert’s office. The university won’t let me switch my field of study to inflationary cosmology. They’re forcing me to continue with string theory.
Howard: Why?
Sheldon: He said it’s why they hired me, it’s, it’s what my grant was designated for, and that everybody has to do things they don’t want to do. He then gave an example of something he had to do, even though he didn’t want to, which was look at my stupid face.
Leonard: That’s a rude thing to say, out loud.
Sheldon: It’s an outrage. Honestly, I’m tempted to leave the university.
Howard: You know, if you’re really serious about that, I hear there are some exciting opportunities in home care for the old and fat.
Leonard: Whatever you do, just don’t make any rash decisions.
Sheldon: I don’t know. I am really aggravated.
Raj: When I’m feeling low, I have sex with a girl. But that’s just me.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Howard: Oh, come on, give her a chance.
Nurse: No. Life, it is too short.
Bernadette: I know you’ve only been here a day and a half, but you’re like part of the family. I don’t think the service is gonna send any more people.
Howard: Yeah, maybe it’s time we just release Ma back into the sea.
Bernadette: That’s not helpful.
Howard: Well, then, we may need to get used to the idea that we’re gonna be living here the next few months.
Bernadette: But we have jobs. We can’t baby-sit her 24 hours a day.
Howard: Well, what if we use our vacation time?
Bernadette: I wanted to go to Hawaii, not hell.
Howard: I don’t know what else we can do.
Bernadette: Howie, I love you, and as your wife, your mother is every bit as much my problem as she is yours, so, I want a divorce.
Scene: The apartment.
Mrs Hofstadter (on webcam): Hello, Leonard.
Leonard: Hi, Mom. I have some exciting news.
Mrs Hofstadter: I’m listening.
Leonard: Before I tell you, will you promise to try and be happy for me and keep any concerns you have to yourself?
Mrs Hofstadter: No. Let me save you all of your hemming and hawing. Sheldon already told me that you and Penny are engaged.
Leonard: I hate that you talk to him more than you talk to me.
Mrs Hofstadter: Would you like for you and me to talk more?
Leonard: You know what? It’s probably fine.
Mrs Hofstadter: In any event, while I’ve had my misgivings about Penny, Sheldon spoke very fondly of her, and if she is good enough for him, then she’s good enough for me.
Leonard: I’m your son. What about the fact that she’s good enough for me?
Mrs Hofstadter: Sure.
Leonard: Thanks, Mom.
Mrs Hofstadter: Leonard, would it make you feel better to hear that your mother approved of your life choices?
Leonard: Yes, it would.
Mrs Hofstadter: Yeah. Well, you should work on that.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny (on phone): No, Mom, it’s the same guy I’ve been going out with for the past two years. Yeah, the scientist. Well, it’s complicated. I mean, he works with lasers and atomic magnets. No, I did not see it coming. No, we did not set a date. No, I am not pregnant. Yeah, this is a first for our family. All right, tell Dad I love him. I gotta go. All right, bye.
Amy: Atomic magnets?
Penny: Shut up.
Bernadette: Sorry I’m late. The leaf blower broke, so I had to hand-dry my mother-in-law.
Penny: You want some wine?
Bernadette: Thanks. Little warning before you jump into this marriage business. You’re not just marrying him, you’re marrying his family.
Penny: I think Leonard’s mom’s okay with me.
Bernadette: It doesn’t matter if she’s okay with you. The question is, can she go to the bathroom by herself? Hit me again.
Amy: So, what are the living arrangements gonna be?
Penny: Well, haven’t really talked about it yet, but I figure at some point, I’ll move in with him, or he’ll move in with me.
Amy: Well, with you not working, that makes financial sense.
Bernadette: You’re not working. How would you like a job in home health care?
Penny: Not a chance.
Bernadette: Please. I’m desperate.
Penny: No.
Bernadette: I’ll pay you anything you want.
Penny: Okay, then, yeah.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Penny: No, keep your money.
Bernadette: I could’ve ridden a bull longer than that.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: What you working on?
Sheldon: I’m writing an appeal to the Faculty Senate, so that I can move on from string theory.
Leonard: Oh. How’s it going?
Sheldon: You tell me. Dear Esteemed Colleagues, as you may know, I have requested to change my field of study. My decision to do so is, I believe, in the best interest of science. At your convenience, I’d be happy to explain it to you in words you’ll understand.
Leonard: It’s nice that you called them esteemed.
Sheldon: You’re right. I’ll take that out.
Leonard: So, listen, there was something I was hoping to float past you.
Sheldon: Mm.
Leonard: Now that Penny and I are engaged, I thought we might want to talk about our living arrangements.
Sheldon: Of course. She’s spent many nights here, and you’re worried about preserving the myth of her virginity before the wedding.
Leonard: I’m not.
Sheldon: Good, because not only has that ship sailed, if it hit an iceberg, countless men would perish.
Leonard: Actually, this is about where she and I are going to live.
Sheldon: What do you mean?
Leonard: Well, well, we might want to live together.
Sheldon: Oh, yeah, well, I’ve already given this some thought, and I’m willing to let Penny live with us one day a week for a trial period. Now, obviously, not when she’s made cranky by the shedding of her uterine lining.
Leonard: That’s very sweet. But we were thinking more of us maybe living together with… not you.
Sheldon: I don’t understand. How could we all live together if I’m not there?
Leonard: Look, I, I know this is, this is change, and that sounds scary.
Sheldon: Where are you going to go?
Leonard: I don’t know. We just started to think about this. Maybe I’ll move in with Penny, or maybe she and I’ll take this place, and you can move across the hall.
Sheldon: Move across the hall? Did you take a marijuana?
Leonard: No, I did not.
Sheldon: Did you get hit on the head with a coconut?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Well, then, I’m all out of guesses. What? Me move across the hall. Why would you even suggest such a thing?
Leonard: Because I love Penny, and want to give her the life she deserves.
Sheldon: I see. You’re putting your future bride’s happiness above mine.
Leonard: Well, yeah.
Sheldon: Wow.
Scene: Amy’s apartment. 
Sheldon: How dare the university force me to go back to string theory?
Amy: They just don’t appreciate you.
Sheldon: Yeah, and on top of that, Leonard has the audacity to suggest that now that he and Penny are engaged, he may not want to live with me any more.
Amy: Here, I made you some Strawberry Quik.
Sheldon: I have real problems here, Amy. I can’t be mollified with a beverage designed for children. Mmm, yummy.
Amy: You know, this might work out for the best. I mean, you’re always complaining about what a terrible roommate Leonard is. Like how he turns up the thermostat when you’re not there.
Sheldon: Ugh, it’s like walking into the Amazon. And not the good Amazon with one-day shipping. The awful one with birds and snakes.
Amy: You hate the sound of all those keys on his key chain.
Sheldon: Four keys! Who does he think he is, a warden?
Amy: See? Maybe you’ll love living alone.
Sheldon: I don’t know. Perhaps.
Amy: And if it turns out you don’t, you and I could live together.
Sheldon: You and… oh, sure, and while we’re at it, why don’t we get engaged, too? Why don’t we get a little house, start a family? Enjoy our sunset years together? Do you hear yourself, woman?
Amy: Sheldon, it was just a thought.
Sheldon: No. Here’s a thought. You’re not moving in, Leonard’s not moving out, everything stays exactly the way it is. And by the way, I saw you make this Strawberry Quik with syrup, you’re supposed to use the powder.
Amy: It tastes the same.
Sheldon: No. The syrup tastes better and I don’t like it.
Scene: The apartment. 
Penny: This is so sweet. You never cook for me.
Leonard: Well, you cook for me all the time and, ugh.
Penny: If you don’t like my cooking, why haven’t you ever said anything?
Leonard: It’s hard to talk with so much heavy chewing to do.
Penny: Sorry. I’ll get better.
Leonard: I know you’ll try. So, should we talk about setting a date?
Penny: Well, I’d like to pick one that works with my brother’s schedule.
Leonard: Okay. And when would that be?
Penny: Uh, 12 to 18 months from now, depending on good behaviour.
Amy: Hi, is Sheldon here?
Leonard: No, I thought he was with you.
Amy: He was, but he stormed off and now he isn’t answering his phone.
Leonard: What happened?
Amy: He was really angry that you suggested he move out.
Leonard: Oh.
Amy: I also mentioned that he and I could live together but he was too mad at you to realize what a great idea that is.
Leonard: Well, he’s been having a couple of tough days. I’m sure he’s fine. He probably just needs a little alone time to decompress.
Amy: You’re probably right. So, what are you guys doing?
Penny: Well, Leonard cooked for me and now we’re just having a nice dinner, you know, as a newly engaged couple.
Amy: That’s nice.
Leonard: Anyway, as I was saying, Sheldon probably just needs a little alone time. ‘Cause that’s important. Not just for him, but for most anybody, really.
Amy: Don’t I know it. What is that, polenta?
Penny: Amy, get out.
Amy: Right.
Scene: The comic book store.
Sheldon: No.
Stuart: Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon: What happened?
Stuart: I was cooking in the back room last night and the hot plate caught on fire.
Sheldon: And you couldn’t put it out?
Stuart: I was across the street at the do-it-yourself car wash, taking a shower.
Sheldon: So when will you reopen?
Stuart: Um, I don’t know. I’m waiting to hear back from the insurance company.
Sheldon: So, tomorrow?
Stuart: I don’t mean to be rude, Sheldon, but, uh, my life is kind of falling apart right now.
Sheldon: Your life? The university is making me do string theory and my girlfriend loves me so much she wants to live with me. And now, the place I need to go when I’m sad is damp and smells funny.
Stuart: Well, sorry I let you down.
Sheldon: No. I do not accept this. Everything is changing and I hate it. It stops now. I’m helping you get back on your feet. I would like to purchase this comic book, please.
Stuart: That’ll be $2.99.
Sheldon: Really? It’s soaking wet.
Stuart: Fine, a dollar.
Sheldon: Can you break a twenty?
Stuart: No, I only have hundreds.
Sheldon: You know what? I don’t always recognize sarcasm, but I do right now, and I don’t appreciate it. I’m sorry for your loss. But you’re not the only one whose day has been a disaster.
Stuart: (Light falls on ground just where he was standing a moment before) That could have killed me. I can’t catch a break.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: I haven’t heard from Sheldon in a while. You think he’s okay?
Penny: Oh, I’m sure he’s fine.
Leonard: I’m gonna see where he is.
Penny: How?
Leonard: Oh, I know his password, so I can track his phone.
Penny: You do that?
Leonard: Not always, but ever since he wandered off at the swap meet chasing a balloon, I get worried.
Penny: He can take care of himself. Look, we went over stranger danger and gave him that whistle.
Leonard: That’s weird.
Penny: What?
Leonard: He’s at the train station.
Penny: So? He loves trains.
Leonard: It’s dark out and he’s alone, I don’t like it. Let’s go get him.
Penny: It’s sweet how you look out for him. You’re a good guy.
Leonard: It’s not just that. My mother would kill me if I let something happen to him.
Scene: The comic book store.
Raj: Dude, I’m so sorry.
Howard: Don’t take this the wrong way, but did you do this for the insurance money?
Stuart: No. God, you sound like the police, the firemen, my parents, my therapist and the insurance company.
Raj: We’re here for you, man. Whatever you need, okay?
Stuart: Uh, actually, I was wondering if I could crash at your place for a few nights.
Raj: Sure, of course. Oh, actually, Emily was gonna spend the night.
Stuart: You slept with her? Nice.
Raj: Well, I can’t take all the credit. She let me do it to her, but, uh, but I can always call her and cancel.
Howard: Hang on. I know a place you can stay and earn some money at the same time.
Stuart: Great.
Howard: I just have to warn you, it’ll involve humiliation, degradation and verbal abuse.
Stuart: So what’s the catch?
Scene: The train station.
Leonard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: You tracked my phone?
Leonard: Yeah.
Sheldon: Boy, you chase one balloon for three miles.
Penny: We were worried about you.
Sheldon: Don’t be melodramatic. I’m just getting on a train and leaving forever.
Leonard: Seriously? You don’t even have a change of clothes or a toothbrush.
Sheldon: My plan is to stop at malls and buy what I need. It’s called living off the land.
Leonard: Okay, I know you’re upset and there’s a lot of stuff going on, but it’s nothing we can’t work out. Come on, let’s get you home.
Sheldon: No. I’ve reached my breaking point. I need to leave. Now.
Penny: And go where?
Sheldon: It doesn’t matter.
Leonard: So a few things don’t go your way and your best decision is to ride the rails like a hobo?
Sheldon: I suppose it is. Except I have a credit card. And I refuse to carry my laptop at the end of a stick. And I’d sooner die than eat beans out of a can.
Leonard: Come on, come home with us and tomorrow I’ll, I’ll take you to Legoland.
Sheldon: Legoland is not the solution to everything. And it’s too much of a scene since that movie came out.
Leonard: Then what can I do?
Sheldon: Leonard, I am overwhelmed. Everything is changing and it’s simply too much. I need to get away and think.
Leonard: Oh, come on, you know you’re overreacting.
Penny: Leonard, hang on. Just come here. Maybe we need to let him go.
Leonard: What? Why?
Penny: It might be good for him.
Leonard: You know he can’t take a trip like this by himself.
Penny: He’s a grown man.
Leonard: No, he looks like a grown man. You’ve seen Freaky Friday, sometimes little kids end up in big person bodies.
Penny: Leonard, we can’t protect him forever.
Leonard: I know, but…
Penny: He’ll be okay. You taught him well, Padawan.
Sheldon: Good Lord. Padawan’s the student, not the teacher.
Penny: Seriously, let him go.
Leonard: Sheldon, if you really need to do this, I’m not gonna stand in your way.
Sheldon: I do.
Leonard: Okay. Good luck.
Penny: Be safe and call us.
Sheldon: I will.
Leonard: Bye, buddy. Sheldon?
Sheldon: Yes?
Leonard: I’m gonna miss you.
Sheldon: Of course you are.
Leonard: He just made that easier.
Penny: Mm.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Stuart: Hey. What are you guys still doing here? I got this, go. Go home.
Howard: You sure?
Stuart: Yeah, she’s fed, she took her pills, she’s all tucked in and watching TV.
Bernadette: So, she’s not too much for you?
Stuart: Are you kidding? I love her, she’s great.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Stewie, you gonna watch Wheel of Fortune with me?
Stuart: Coming, Debbie.
Howard: You call her Debbie?
Stuart: She insisted. So, hey, guys, thank you so much. This job is a dream come true.
Howard: Was that a little weird?
Bernadette: Yeah. I don’t know why, but something about it feels unnatural.
Howard: Okay, let’s go.
Bernadette: Yep.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy (on phone): Okay, Sheldon, thanks for checking in. Talk to you tomorrow? Oh, okay, bye.
Leonard: He’s okay?
Amy: Actually sounds like he’s doing pretty well.
Penny: I really think this is gonna be for the best.
Leonard: Me, too. And he was able to take a sabbatical from…
Amy: How could you let him go?
 								
			
				Following a “previously on” sequence.
Scene: A railway station. Sheldon is wearing no trousers.
Sheldon: Excuse me. Is it at all possible that you’re knitting a pair of pants? Oh, well, no, you’re understandably terrified. But, you know, allow me to explain. 45 days ago, um, I embarked on a railroad journey of healing because my university was making me do string theory, and my favorite comic book store burned down, and when my room mate got engaged, my girlfriend wanted to move in with me, which was no doubt a ploy just to see my, well, excuse my language, but my bathing suit parts. Uh, sir, may I use your phone?
Man: I don’t think so.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, I understand that I’m half naked, but there is a reasonable explanation. While I slept in my sleeper car, all my possessions were stolen. Now, typically, I wear pyjamas, but I recently adopted a hobo lifestyle and pyjamas are the sleep-pants of the Man. I’ll have you know, Mahatma Gandhi wore no pants and a nation rallied behind him. My good man, now, before you walk away, I know that I may appear deranged, but I am, in fact, a world-renowned physicist. Ask me the difference between a boson and a fermion. Go ahead, ask. Bosons have integer spin, fermions have half-integer spin. My legs are getting cold. Why won’t anybody help me?
Credits sequence. 
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Morning.
Penny: Hi. Want to do yoga with me?
Leonard: Um, let me just have some coffee first, and then I’ll have the strength to tell you how much I won’t be doing that. (Phone rings) Hello?
Sheldon: Hello, Leonard.
Leonard: Hey, buddy. Good to hear your voice.
Sheldon: Uh, I’m in Kingman, Arizona, and, uh, I need you to come pick me up.
Leonard: I’d love to. I’m just about to do yoga with Penny.
Sheldon: Leonard, I’m at the police station. I was robbed. They took my phone, my wallet, my iPad, everything.
Leonard: Oh, my God, are you okay?
Sheldon: No, I’m not okay. Uh, I’m wearing borrowed pants, I don’t have I.D., and one of the officers here won’t stop calling me chicken legs.
Leonard: Okay. Uh, I’ll, I’ll come get you. What’s the address?
Penny: Hey, what’s going on?
Leonard: He got all of his stuff stolen.
Penny: Oh.
 
Sheldon: 2530 East Andy Devine Avenue,
Leonard: Okay.
Sheldon: Hurry.
Leonard: Sheldon, hang tight. Hey, do you want me to bring anything?
Sheldon: Oh, yes, please. A pair of pants. And my toothbrush. Yeah, and my mail. And a really good comeback for chicken legs, because “I know you are, but what am I?” was met with stony silence.
Leonard: I’ll be there as soon as I can.
Penny: Is he okay?
Leonard: Yeah, he’s fine, he’s just a little rattled.
Penny: Oh.
Leonard: Feel like driving to Arizona with me?
Penny: I can’t, I have that job interview.
Leonard: Oh, right.
Penny: Besides, I don’t need six hours of your hair is different, why did you change your hair? I’m holding my breath until your hair grows back.
Leonard: All right, fine. Hey, can you think of a reason I shouldn’t invite Amy to come with me?
Penny: Nope.
Leonard: Come on, you didn’t even try.
Scene: Howard’s car.
Raj: Thanks for the lift.
Howard: What’s wrong with your car?
Raj: I’m having my windows untinted.
Howard: Why?
Raj: Got a hot girlfriend now. I want the haters to know.
Howard: What are you talking about? No one’s paying attention to you.
Raj: Wow. How’s that Hater-Ade taste, bro? Hey, this isn’t the way to work.
Howard: I just want to pop in and make sure Ma’s okay.
Raj: I thought Stuart was looking after her.
Howard: He was, but now that her cast is off, he moved out. And honestly, I’m kind of glad. It was getting a little weird.
Raj: How so?
Howard: I don’t know, they’re, chummy.
Raj: Like us?
Howard: No, not like us. Creepy chummy, like you and your dog.
Raj: She feeds him out of her own mouth?
Howard: I mean, he calls her Debbie, she calls him Stewie and they’re all giggly around each other. And believe me, when food goes in that mouth, it does not come out.
Raj: So are you worried because he’s replacing you as a son or are you worried because he’s becoming her lover?
Howard: First of all, no one can replace me as a son. I’m her little matzo ball. And secondly, my mother is well past having any kind of sex life.
Raj: Okay, okay. Although many older women lead vibrant, active…
Howard: I said well past it.
Scene: Kingman Police Station.
Sheldon: Excuse me, Officer Hernandez? Any leads on the person who stole my belongings?
Hernandez: Not yet.
Sheldon: Well, perhaps I can help. Sherlock Holmes always says when you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. Now, have, have you tried doing that?
Hernandez: Nope.
Sheldon: Well, maybe you should. There’s lots of books called Sherlock Holmes, and there’s no books called Officer Hernandez.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Leonard: Thanks again for coming. Six hours was gonna be a long drive by myself.
Amy: My pleasure. And I’m not angry at all that my boyfriend was in trouble and called you instead of me. I love that,
Leonard: Yeah, time’s gonna fly by.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Penny: I haven’t been on a job interview in years. I’m really nervous.
Bernadette: Don’t be. You are built for pharmaceutical sales. You’re cute, you’re flirty and started that like there were gonna be three things.
Penny: I don’t have any experience in sales. Unless you count the bikini car wash I did in high school. But you already made me take that off my résumé.
Bernadette: This job is a lot like being a waitress, except instead of pushing the fish tacos ’cause they’re about to go bad, you’re just pushing our antidepressants before the FDA finds out they may cause rectal bleeding.
Penny: They do?
Bernadette: Maybe. But like our lawyers say, the world is full of things that can cause a rectum to bleed. Anyway, I talked you up to Dan. He’s the guy who’ll be interviewing you.
Penny: Oh, I really appreciate this. I just hope I’m not in over my head.
Bernadette: You’ll be fine. Just be yourself.
Penny: I wish I felt more confident.
Bernadette: Penny, I wouldn’t have put you up for this job if I didn’t think you could handle it.
Penny: Oh, thank you, but maybe I should cancel.
Bernadette: It’s too late to cancel. You’re going.
Penny: But I don’t know anything about pharmaceuticals.
Bernadette: Oh, I understand. You want to do something you’re already good at. I know. Why don’t I get you a job at the Sitting Around All Day Wearing Yoga Pants Factory?
Penny: They’re comfortable.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Howard: Ma, I hope you’re decent. Raj is here. You just started seeing naked women again, and I don’t want you to be confused about where the boobs should be.
Stuart: Oh, hey, guys. What are you doing here?
Howard: Uh, what are you doing here? I thought you moved out.
Stuart: Oh, yeah, I was going to, and then Debbie and I got to talking over dinner the other night. I didn’t have any place to go, she likes having me around, so we both said, why leave? at the same time. It was precious.
Howard: It’s not that precious.
Raj: I’d like to back you up, but it sounds like it was pretty precious.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Stewie, I can’t find my glasses.
Stuart: Be right there, Deb Deb. They’re probably on her head.
Howard: Or in her neck. Listen. You staying here seems like something she would’ve talked to me about.
Stuart: Well, maybe if you called your mother more often, you’d know.
Raj: It wouldn’t kill you to pick up the phone.
Scene: Kingman Police Station.
Sheldon: Any word on my stolen items?
Hernandez: We’re doing everything we can.
Sheldon: You know, Sherlock Holmes liked to use cocaine to sharpen his focus. But I’m sure those Cool Ranch Doritos are doing the trick.
Leonard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Leonard. Oh, I’m so happy to see you.
Amy: Are you okay?
Sheldon: Oh, I’m fine. Why did you come?
Amy: What do you mean, why did I come? You’re my boyfriend. I haven’t seen you in over a month. I just drove six hours to help you out. Don’t you have anything to say besides why did you come?
Sheldon: I do, but, I feel uncomfortable saying it out loud in front of these police officers.
Amy: Fine. Whisper it.
Sheldon (whispers): Shotgun.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Leonard: So, Sheldon, tell us about your trip. Where’d you go?
Sheldon: Where didn’t I go? I went to New York, Chicago, Atlanta, Denver, Seattle.
Leonard: How were they?
Sheldon: Oh, I have no idea. I never left the train station.
Leonard: Hang on. You travelled across the entire country and never left a train station?
Sheldon: Why would I? That’s where all the cool trains are.
Leonard: I’m sorry, so you never went outside?
Sheldon: Or had a single piece of fruit.
Scene: Pharmaceutical Company Office.
Dan: So, why do you think you’d make a good pharmaceutical sales rep?
Penny: Well, I’m a people person. People like me. Some of my favourite people are people. I feel like I’m saying people a lot. People, people, people. Okay, I’m done.
Dan: You sure?
Penny: People. Yes.
Dan: Good. So, how do you feel your previous job experience has prepared you for a career like this?
Penny: Uh, well, as a waitress, sales was a big part of my job. I mean, believe me, I convinced a lot of very large customers, who should not be eating cheesecake, to have more cheesecake. I mean, one of those chubsters even had an insulin pump.
Dan: Uh-huh. I have an insulin pump.
Penny: People.
Scene: Howard’s car.
Howard: It’s weird, right? A grown man in his thirties living with my mother.
Raj: That is weird. I thought he was, like, 45.
Howard: Come on, you don’t think it’s a little odd?
Raj: I don’t know. I mean, she’s lonely. He needs a place to stay. I doubt there’s any funny business going on. And even if there was, who cares? They’re both adults.
Howard: Who cares? You wouldn’t care if I slept with your mom?
Raj: You know what? You’re my best friend, and she’s in a bad marriage. I give you my blessing.
Howard: This is stupid. I’m just gonna call my mother and be honest with her.
Raj: ‘Cause that’s what little matzo balls do.
Stuart (voice on answerphone): This is Debbie.
Mrs Wolowitz (voice on answerphone): And this is Stuart.
Together: Just kidding.
Stuart (voice on answerphone): Leave a message.
Raj: This is the part where you talk.
Scene: Pharmaceutical Company Office.
Dan: All right, let’s say a physician was prescribing one of our competitor’s drugs. How would you convince them to switch to ours?
Penny: Um, any chance his car needs to be washed by a girl in a bikini? No. Okay, I’m really sorry for wasting your time.
Dan: Don’t worry about it. Thanks for stopping by.
Penny: Okay, thanks. Um, I’m sorry, listen, could you do me a favour and not tell Bernadette how badly I blew this interview? She’ll get upset. And honestly I’m a, a little terrified of her.
Dan: Wait, wait. You’re scared of Bernadette?
Penny: Yeah, kind of.
Dan: I thought it was just me. Everyone thinks she’s so nice with that squeaky little voice.
Penny: I know, but she’s kind of a bully.
Dan: Wll, she is. I didn’t even want to meet you, but, uh, I was too scared to say no to her.
Penny: Me, too.
Dan: Yeah, yeah. One, one time, I had, I had to tell her we were cutting the, the research funding for one of the drugs she was developing.
Penny: What happened?
Dan: I couldn’t do it. She’s still working on it. Oh, we’re not gonna tell her about this, right?
Penny: Oh, my God, no.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Sheldon: At the hot dog stand in the Denver train station, Heinz ketchup. At the hot dog stand in the Salt Lake City train station, Heinz ketchup. At the hot dog stand in the Indianapolis train station?
Leonard: I don’t care.
Sheldon: Wrong. Hunt’s. Hey, Amy, what do you say? You ready to move on to the mustard round?
Amy: Have you not noticed that I’ve been sitting back here quietly stewing for the past two hours?
Sheldon: I just thought you were bad at the game.
Amy: I’m mad at you. How could you just go away like that without even saying good-bye, and then call Leonard for help instead of me?
Sheldon: Amy, may I please have a moment of privacy to speak with my roommate?
Amy: We’re in a moving car. What do you expect me to do? Stick my fingers in my ears?
Sheldon: Well, I was thinking put your head out the window like a dog, but that’ll work. Please? This’ll be quick. Leonard? As soon as we get home, I want to have coitus with Amy. Okay, she can’t hear. The reason I called you is because I didn’t want Amy to know I couldn’t make it on my own.
Leonard: What’s the big deal?
Sheldon: Oh, of course it’s no big deal to you. You idolize me, and nothing could ever knock me off that pedestal you put me on.
Leonard: Well, yeah, it’s true. You, you are a god to me.
Amy: Can I stop now?
Leonard: Just tell her.
Sheldon: I called Leonard because I failed. And I didn’t want you to think less of me.
Amy: You were worried about that?
Sheldon: Yes.
Amy: Sheldon, it’s okay with me that you’re not perfect.
Sheldon: Can I have one more moment with Leonard?
Amy: Sure.
Sheldon: Amy just hurt my feelings. I want to break up with her.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: Now, I never thought I’d say this, but I’m kind of excited to see Sheldon.
Bernadette: I never thought I’d say this, but Penny got a job today.
Howard: She did?
Bernadette: Well, the only reason she got it is ’cause the guy who interviewed her loves me.
Howard (answering a knock on the door): What do you want?
Stuart: I, uh, kind of got the feeling you might not be okay with me staying at your mom’s.
Howard: You’re right, I’m not. I think it’s weird.
Bernadette: Howie?
Howard: It is. He’s a grown man. He’s just gonna live there rent-free? How is that gonna motivate him to get off his butt and get a job? I mean, do you even have a plan?
Stuart: Hey, you’re not my father, okay? And besides, your mother and I were talking…
Howard: Your mother and I? You’re not my father.
Stuart: I didn’t say I was your father.
Howard: Well, I didn’t say I was your father.
Bernadette: Okay, calm down. You’re not his father, he’s not your father. Nobody’s anybody’s father.
Stuart: I, I’m sorry you don’t like my life choices, but it’s my life.
Howard: Well, it’s my house, it’s my rules.
Stuart: Oh, oh, okay, Dad, if I mow the lawn, can I have my allowance?
Bernadette: Hey, don’t you take that sarcastic tone with him.
Stuart: I don’t have to listen to you.
Howard: Don’t talk to her like that. That is my mother. Wife. My wife. I said my wife.
Stuart: You know what? This isn’t getting us anywhere. When you’re ready to apologize, you know where to find me.
Howard: Yeah, in my house.
Stuart: That’s right, sucka.
Scene: The stairwell. 
Sheldon: I wish I’d never gone on that trip. I feel no better now than when I left.
Amy: But you still accomplished something.
Leonard: Yeah. If you had told anyone that you were going away on a train by yourself across the country, do you know what they would have said?
Sheldon: That I couldn’t do it?
Leonard: Exactly. Right after they said yeah.
Amy: But you did do it. So what if it didn’t all go your way? That’s what makes it an adventure.
Sheldon: That’s a good point. You know, I’m a lot like Gandalf the Grey. He fought the Balrog and emerged stronger than ever as Gandalf the White. I was robbed of my phone and pants, and I, too, came back stronger. And whiter, too, ’cause I wasn’t in direct sunlight for six weeks.
Amy: See? This trip was good for you.
Sheldon: Indeed. I was the world’s smartest caterpillar. And then after pupating in our nation’s railway system, I’ve burst forth as the world’s smartest butterfly.
Leonard: Butterfly could’ve gotten himself home from Arizona.
Sheldon: Yeah, I feel renewed. I’m ready to deal with any changes that come my way.
All: Hey.
Penny: Hey, look who’s back.
Sheldon: Your hair is different. You changed your hair. I can’t take this. I’m out.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Would you like to see pictures from my trip?
Penny: I thought your phone got stolen.
Sheldon: Yeah, it did, but luckily all my photos got backed up to the Cloud.
Leonard: And you thought they all had a silver lining.
Sheldon: Here, day one, uh, this was the seat I was going to sit in but didn’t because there were cracker crumbs on it. As it was first class, I suspect Ritz. This is the train bathroom. This is the Imodium I took so I would never have to use the train bathroom.
Penny: I cannot believe you travelled the entire country and never left the train station.
Sheldon: I know. You know, I almost died in a fire in Des Moines, but I stayed put. FYI, that’s when the Imodium gave out.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: I recently read that during World War Two, Joseph Stalin had a research program to create supersoldiers by having women impregnated by gorillas.
Howard: What a sick use of science.
Raj: Hey, as long as the baby’s healthy.
Amy: I wonder if Stalin considered any other animals.
Leonard: Hippos are the deadliest creature. A half-human, half-hippo soldier would be pretty badass.
Howard: Yes, but when they’re hungry-hungry, you can stop them with marbles.
Sheldon: Yeah, the correct animal for interspecies supersolider is koala. You would wind up with an army so cute it couldn’t be attacked.
Raj: But half-man, half-owl could fly…
Sheldon: The answer is cuddly soldiers with big flat noses. Moving on.
Howard: So, Penny, when’s the new job start?
Penny: Next Monday.
Bernadette: Did you get a chance to look over the materials I gave you?
Penny: Uh, not yet, but I will.
Bernadette: Great. When?
Penny: I said I’ll get to it.
Sheldon: I’m sensing awkwardness, am I right?
Amy: Yes.
Sheldon: Swish.
Bernadette: I don’t want to be pushy, but you’ve never done pharmaceutical sales before. It seems like you could use this time to get a head start.
Penny: Well, the first few weeks will be all training. They’ll tell me everything I need to know.
Bernadette: But imagine how impressed they’d be if you showed up already familiar with the material.
Penny: Okay, so what, you want me to be like a teacher’s pet?
Bernadette: Couldn’t hurt.
Leonard: Mm, I don’t know. Who here has ever been hurt because they were the teacher’s pet?
Sheldon: It was like the rest of the class wanted Ms. McDonald to forget the quiz.
Scene: Mrs Davis’ office.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Mrs. Davis. (Knock, knock, knock) Guess who?
Mrs Davis: Dr. Cooper.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) That’s right, good job. Hello. Uh, you wanted to see me?
Mrs Davis: Yes. Uh, welcome back.
Sheldon: Thank you. I assume you’d like to reopen our dialogue about the university forcing me to continue with string theory?
Mrs Davis: You mean the dialogue that went, please, no, please, no, please, no.
Sheldon: That’s the one. I believe you went last, so, uh, please?
Mrs Davis: Dr. Cooper, while you were away, we came up with a solution that would allow you to change your field of study.
Sheldon: Wow. Pouting and running away actually worked. I must say, that may not be a lesson you want to reinforce with me. So, um, what is the solution?
Mrs Davis: Currently, you’re being paid under a grant to specifically research string theory. If we promote you to junior professor, you’ll be able to choose whatever field of research you’d like.
Sheldon: But if I’m a professor, then I’ll have to teach a class.
Mrs Davis: That is correct.
Sheldon: So your solution is to promote me and pay me more money so that I can impart my knowledge to the next generation of scientists?
Mrs Davis: Yes.
Sheldon: You people are sick.
Scene: Amy’s lab.
Penny: Hey. Ready to go to lunch?
Amy: Just give me a minute. I’m stimulating the pleasure cells of this starfish. I just need to turn it off.
Penny: What happens if you don’t?
Amy: Then I have to sit through lunch knowing this starfish is having a better day than I am. Is Bernadette meeting us at the restaurant?
Penny: Uh, no. Actually, I didn’t invite her.
Amy: How come?
Penny: Well, ever since she helped me get this job, she won’t stop bugging me.
Amy: Well, I think she just wants you to do well, and she’s worried that you won’t ’cause you were just a stunningly poor waitress.
Penny: That is not true.
Amy: I’m still waiting on my mini corndogs from two years ago.
Penny: I told you, they’ll be right out.
Amy: Okay, so no Bernadette.
Penny: Well, you saw her the other night. Am I wrong?
Amy: No, I just, I feel kind of uncomfortable talking about her like this. Usually when someone’s being talked about behind their back, it’s me and it’s right in front of my face.
Penny: I’m sorry. I just need a little break from her.
Amy: I understand. You know, there is some research that indicates that sharing negative attitudes about a third party can be a powerful bonding force between two friends.
Penny: So, what are you saying?
Amy: I’m saying, in the spirit of science, what is that little skank’s problem?
Scene: The cafeteria.
Raj: So, I’ve been trying to come up with a cute couple’s nickname for me and Emily. What do you like better? Emippali or Koothrapemily?
Howard: Why is it your last name and her first name?
Raj: Oh, well, her last name is Sweeney, and something just didn’t seem right about Koothrapeeney.
Leonard: Hey, how’d it go with human resources?
Sheldon: Awful. They’re allowing me to move on from string theory, but they made me a junior professor and are requiring me to teach a class.
Raj: I don’t understand. Why is it bad that you have to teach?
Sheldon: What a stupid question.
Leonard: The kids are gonna love him.
Sheldon: I can’t believe I have to waste my time babysitting a bunch of grad students who probably think dark matter is what’s in their diapers.
Leonard: This might not be that bad. Uh, you like telling people they’re wrong.
Sheldon: Wrong, Just because I enjoyed that one doesn’t mean I always do.
Raj: You enjoy giving people grades.
Sheldon: A valid point, but unoriginal. B-minus.
Howard: And you love the sound of your own voice.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, of course I do. Listen to it. It’s like an earful of melted caramel.
Leonard: Look, most importantly, this will let you move on and study dark matter.
Sheldon: It is true that many of my heroes have taken students under their wings. Feynman, Einstein, Professor X. Humorously, in the case of Professor X, some of his students actually had wings. That’s rich. I’ll use that one to lighten the mood after my entire class fails the midterm.
Scene: Amy’s lab.
Amy: Measuring starfish serotonin levels in response to one point two molar stimulation of pleasure cells. You like that, don’t you? That’s right, say my name.
Bernadette (on skype): Hey.
Amy: Hey, what’s going on?
Bernadette: Not much. You want to get a drink later? Just the two of us?
Amy: No Penny?
Bernadette: Not tonight. I’m a little frustrated with her.
Amy: Because you got her the job and you think she should be working harder to prepare for it?
Bernadette: So it’s not just me. You see it, too.
Amy: I do, I see it.
Bernadette: It’s driving me crazy. Just this afternoon, I saw on Instagram that instead of studying, she went out to lunch and got a manicure.
Amy: That’s outrageous.
Bernadette: I know.
Amy: If she doesn’t do well, this could reflect poorly on you.
Bernadette: Exactly. Does she not realize it or does she not care?
Amy: I don’t know. The important thing is I am here for you so we can mutually disparage this unpleasing third party.
Scene: Sheldon’s classroom.
Leonard: Hey. We just wanted to see how your class was going. Where is everybody?
Sheldon: There is no class.
Howard: Did you send everyone to the principal’s office already?
Sheldon: No one signed up.
Leonard: Well, that’s not your fault.
Sheldon: I called the department secretary to see what happened. Apparently, I have a reputation for being obnoxious.
Leonard: What?
Raj: Hey, Sheldon, I’m sorry.
Sheldon: No, it’s fine. Now I can devote all my time to dark matter.
Raj: Aw, you brought cookies for everyone?
Sheldon: Oh, yes. Fig Newtons. I was going to ask them which scientist both helped to develop calculus and had a famous cookie named after him? And then after someone said Newton, I was going to tell them they’re wrong. The cookies are named after a town in Massachusetts. And then I’d throw the cookies away.
Howard: Hey, what if I took your class?
Sheldon: Why would you do that?
Leonard: Yeah, why would you do that?
Raj: What’s wrong with you?
Howard: I’m thinking about getting my doctorate, and he wants to teach. Why not?
Sheldon: Oh, Howard. I appreciate the gesture, but this is a graduate-level physics class. I don’t think you’d understand a single thing I was talking about.
Raj: Ask why not again, I’ve got an answer.
Howard: Sheldon, I’m more than smart enough to take your class.
Sheldon: No.
Howard: Yes.
Sheldon: How would you determine the ground state of a quantum system with no exact solution?
Howard: I would guess a wave-function and then vary its parameters until I found the lowest energy solution.
Sheldon: Hmm. Do you know how to integrate X squared times E to the minus X, without looking it up?
Howard: I’d use Feynman’s trick, differentiate under the integral sign.
Sheldon: Okay. Um, what is the correct interpretation of quantum mechanics?
Howard: Since every interpretation gives exactly the same answer to every measurement, they are all equally correct. However, I know you believe in the Many Worlds Interpretation, so I’ll say that. Now do you think I’m smart enough?
Sheldon: No.
Howard: Oh, come on. You might’ve gone to school for a couple more years than me, but guess what, engineers are just as smart as physicists.
Sheldon: You take that back.
Howard: No.
Scene: The stairwell.
Amy: So, after drinks with Bernadette, I get home, and Penny calls to complain about her. And then while I’m talking to Penny, I get a text from Bernadette.
Sheldon: I am trying to prepare my lesson plan for Howard. Why are you telling me this?
Amy: Because it’s taken 15 years, but high school is finally awesome. I love them both, but I’m in the centre now, and I love that even more.
Sheldon: Amy, please. I am trying to figure out a way to intellectually emasculate a dear friend of mine.
Amy: But I’m just…
Sheldon: Not now.
Amy: You better watch that attitude, buddy. You’re dating the popular girl now.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Hmm. You’re up late.
Sheldon: Oh, I’m working on my lesson plan for Wolowitz. He is going to be so lost. Look at this section over here. Even I don’t really understand it.
Leonard: Sheldon, why are you doing this?
Sheldon: I’m a teacher, Leonard. It’s my job.
Leonard: No, I mean, why are you going to so much trouble to prove that you’re smarter than Wolowitz?
Sheldon: Oh, it’s no trouble, it’s actually a pleasure.
Leonard: You want to know what I think? I think the idea that someone could be as smart as you, or even smarter, scares the pants off you, and you can’t deal with it.
Sheldon: Interesting point. You’re suggesting that I have emotional issues below my consciousness which drive my behaviour, thus causing me to lash out at anything or anyone that threatens my intellectual superiority.
Leonard: Might be something to think about.
Sheldon: Leonard?
Leonard: Yeah.
Sheldon: Howard’s allergic to peanuts. How can I use that against him?
Scene: Sheldon’s classroom.
Howard: Hey.
Sheldon: Okay, now that everyone’s here, we can begin.
Howard: Before we do, I just talked to Leonard. And if you’re gonna spend all your time trying to belittle me by making this class unnecessarily hard, then I’m out. But if you’re interested in making a sincere effort to be a good teacher, then I’m willing to give this a shot.
Sheldon: I suppose that’s a fair request. There’s no reason we both can’t benefit from this experience.
Howard: Okay.
Sheldon: Okay. Well, then, uh, first things first. Um, are you familiar with the Brachistochrone problem?
Howard: I am.
Sheldon: Good. And how it relates to the calculus of variations?
Howard: It’s an inverted cycloid.
Sheldon: Wonderful. Now, what about Euler-Lagrange theorems?
Howard: That’s where I’m a little fuzzy.
Sheldon: Ha! I knew it. All right. We have a lot of information to cover before your first test. Which, by the way, is in eight minutes. The good news is I’m grading on a curve, so you’re pretty much guaranteed a C.
Howard (singing): All I do is win, win, win no matter what.
Sheldon: What are you doing?
Howard (singing): Everybody hands go up, up and they stay there!
Sheldon: What are you doing?
Howard: If you’re gonna be a crappy teacher, then I’m gonna be a crappy student. (Singing) Uh, uh, Ludacris going in on the verse. ’cause I never been defeated and I won’t stop now…
Sheldon: Will you stop it. This is a classroom. This is not American Bandstand.
Howard: Okay.
Sheldon: Now, where was I? Let’s see. Oh, yes. Over here. You… What are you doing now?
Howard: Making a straw.
Sheldon: Why?
Howard: So I can shoot you with a spitball.
Sheldon: You’re not going to do that, and I’ll tell you why. This is an institution of higher learning, I am your professor, and you’re going to treat me with the prop… You shot your spit in my mouth!
Howard: Is that gonna be on the test? Because I don’t think I can do that again.
Scene: Amy’s lab.
Amy (on phone): Hey, girlfriend. Can I get a what what?
Penny: What?
Amy: Close enough. Um, I was just calling to see what you were up tonight. Thought maybe we could hit up Color Me Mine, maybe sneak in some Pinot Greej. Whatevs.
Penny: Uh, thanks, but I think I’m gonna stay in and go over the stuff Bernadette gave me.
Amy: Oh. Oh, I hear you. Try and get that nag off your back, right? I mean, you’re not a bicycle, why’s she riding you like that?
Penny: No, I think she was just trying to help. Plus, I really want to do well at this job. So…
Amy: Okay, good luck. And call me later, you know, if you decide she’s a bitch or something. Hey, girlfriend.
Bernadette: Hey, Amy.
Amy: Tonight. You, me, Color Me Mine. Maybe we sneak in some Pinot, make it Color Me Wine.
Bernadette: That sounds fun, but I promised Penny I’d come by and help her study.
Amy: Oh. Well, good luck getting her to do that. She’s probably off getting another manicure. You remember when she did that? You remember?
Bernadette: I was probably being too hard on her. We talked, we’re good.
Amy: Oh. Great. I’m happy for you guys. You know, when the two of you aren’t getting along, it puts me in a really weird position.
Bernadette: Well, don’t worry, everything’s back to normal.
Amy: You mean, like, where she’s nice to your face? Okay got it. Bye. Hey, boyfriend.
Sheldon: Can’t talk. Spitball. Probably gonna die.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Well?
Leonard: Sheldon, I promise. Your uvula does not have an STD.
Sheldon: Are you sure? It just doesn’t feel as innocent as it used to.
Howard: You reported me to human resources?
Sheldon: You violated the sanctity of my mouth.
Howard: Well, I dropped your class, so I hope you’re happy.
Sheldon: I told you you weren’t smart enough to take it.
Howard: I’m smart enough, Sheldon. Asking me a bunch of questions about a topic I’m not familiar with doesn’t prove anything. I could do the same to you.
Sheldon: Yeah, try me.
Howard: Okay. You enjoy making fun of engineering so much, how do you quantify the strength of materials?
Sheldon: Young’s modulus.
Raj: Is that right?
Howard: Yeah. Okay, how do you prevent eddy currents in a transformer?
Sheldon: Laminate the core material.
Leonard: Come on, give him a hard one.
Howard: That was a hard one. All right. How does the flow rate in a pipe depend on its diameter? You don’t know, do you? What’s the matter, smart guy? Don’t know Poiseuille’s law?
Sheldon (coughing several times): Thank goodness I got it. Now I can quit checking my stool.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Bernadette: Okay, what are the potential side effects for our erectile dysfunction drug?
Penny: Headaches, dizziness and nausea.
Bernadette: Yes.
Penny: Those are also the side effects of having a 75-year-old man with an erection climb on top of you.
Bernadette: Want to stop here?
Penny: Uh, no. I can keep going.
Bernadette: Nah, you got this. Let’s go for a drink. I’ll call Amy.
Penny: Okay, good. She seemed like she really wanted to go out tonight.
Amy (phone ringing, running down stairs from outside Penny’s door): Hey, girl.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Okay, next question, for the Butterfinger. How long is a galactic yea
Raj: 250 million years.
Leonard: Yes. (Cheers) 
Howard: Okay, this one is for a Cadbury Creme Egg.
Sheldon: Oh! It’s not even Easter time. This is crazy.
Howard: Which Archimedean solid has 20 regular triangular faces, 30 square faces, 12 pentagonal faces, 60 vertices and 120 edges?
All together: The Rhombicosidodecahedron. (Cheers) 
Leonard: We are so smart.
Raj: Why didn’t girls like us in high school?
Howard: Because we were awkward and weird and couldn’t play sports!
Leonard: Right again. (Cheers)
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Howard: So, how does this game work? I just throw it, like a real ball?
Leonard: Yeah, just nice and easy, right over the plate.
Howard: All right.
Raj: You suck, Wolowitz.
Howard: What’s that about?
Raj: I’m heckling you. It’s a beloved part of baseball.
Sheldon: He’s right. And given that you’re probably still waiting to be picked for a game that was played in fifth grade, I’m sure you do suck.
Penny: Hi. What’s going on?
Leonard: Baseball.
Penny: Okay, this is not what I meant when I said go outside and play.
Leonard: He’s practicing.
Penny: For what?
Howard: The Angels wanted an astronaut to throw out the first pitch, so guess who they called?
Penny: What, you? Really?
Howard: Well, a lot of people who weren’t available, but then me.
Penny: That’s so cool. Congratulations. I guess that makes you the athlete of the group.
Sheldon: Well, not just him. May I remind you that you’re talking to the seeker, beater, chaser and water boy of the third place Griffith Park Quidditch team.
Penny: I know. Watching your boyfriend run around with a broomstick between his legs isn’t something you forget.
Leonard: C’mon now, throw one.
Howard: All right, here we go.
Raj: You look like a jackass.
Howard: Cut it out. You’re hurting my feelings.
Leonard: Now you know why we’re not outside.
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: Did you enjoy my lecture?
Amy: No, and neither did our waiter.
Sheldon: Well, if you’re going to serve Cornish game hen, you should either be familiar with the history of Cornwall or be prepared to learn it.
Amy: It’s hard to argue with that. And I know because I saw a sad man with a pepper mill desperately try and fail.
Penny: Hey, how was dinner?
Sheldon: Good, I had Cornish game hen.
Leonard: Oh, that poor waiter.
Amy: Sheldon, how about tomorrow night we see a movie?
Penny: You guys are going out two nights in a row?
Sheldon: I missed a number of date nights while I was on my train trip, and I’m contractually obligated to make them up under the terms of the Relationship Agreement.
Penny: That’s so hot.
Amy: It’s better than hot, it’s binding.
Sheldon: If you’re free tomorrow night, I’d love to have you join us on a double date.
Penny: Aw.
Amy: You are aware that a double date doesn’t count as two dates.
Sheldon: Oh. Well, then come or don’t. I don’t care.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Bernadette: I can’t believe you’re sore.
Howard: Hey, even professional pitchers need a rubdown after the game.
Bernadette: But they throw an actual ball. You were throwing air at a TV.
Howard: For your information, I also gave Leonard one hell of a high five.
Bernadette: I’m kind of surprised you agreed to do this in front of a stadium full of people.
Howard: They’re doing Space Day and NASA asked me. I felt like I couldn’t say no.
Bernadette: Okay. Well, if you want, I could help you practice. I played a lot of softball growing up.
Howard: Thank you, that would be great.
Bernadette: Great. And while we’re at it, maybe we could butch up your run for when you head out to the mound.
Howard: What’s wrong with the way I run?
Bernadette; Oh, just kidding. Nothing.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Sheldon, I’m surprised you’d choose to go to a pub.
Sheldon: At our committee meeting, Amy made a motion for a picnic in a park, but I tacked so many amendments on that thing it sank like a lead balloon.
Amy: I then suggested a pub.
Sheldon: Yeah, which I was initially sceptical of until I saw online that they serve Yorkshire pudding.
Leonard: You don’t even like Yorkshire pudding.
Sheldon: No, it’s yucky, but informing people about the history of Yorkshire is yummy, yum-yum.
Amy: After a lively debate, that proposal passed by a two-zero margin.
Leonard: Nice to see a busy couple keep the spark of bureaucracy alive.
Sheldon: Ignore them, Amy. They’re just jealous because they’ll never have a relationship as good as ours.
Penny: Isn’t this when he says bazooka or something?
Sheldon: I wasn’t making a joke, I was merely stating fact. Amy and I have a superior relationship to yours.
Leonard: You don’t honestly think that, do you?
Sheldon: Leonard, I assumed you knew. The ranking of relationships in our circle by quality is me and Amy, Howard and Bernadette, Raj and his girlfriend, Penny and Chardonnay, Penny and you.
Leonard: There isn’t any ranking. And if there were, we wouldn’t be at the bottom of it.
Penny: Yeah, and actually, I drink Sauvignon Blanc.
Leonard: That’s the part you have a problem with?
Penny: Relax.
Amy: There they go, fighting again. You’d never hear her talk that way to Sauvignon Blanc.
Scene: A gymnasium. 
Raj: So you never played baseball as a kid, not even Little League?
Howard: Well, I was going to, but the day of tryouts I found my dad’s Playboy collection. Threw my arm out.
Bernadette: All right, the pitcher’s mound in Major League Baseball is sixty feet, six inches away from home plate.
Howard: Great. You take this and say when to stop. How much further?
Bernadette: Keep going.
Howard: How about now?
Bernadette: I’ll let you know.
Howard: Are you saying stop and we’re just too far away to hear you?
Bernadette: Okay, stop.
Howard: Are you kidding me?!
Bernadette: That’s sixty feet.
Howard: There’s no way this is sixty feet.
Bernadette: I’m looking at it.
Howard: You realize this isn’t one of those times I want you to exaggerate how long something is.
Scene: Amy’s car.
Leonard: Okay, I got to, I, I, I, I got to ask. What makes you think that your relationship is so wonderful and ours isn’t?
Sheldon: For starters, we enjoy spending time together.
Leonard: So do we. And I’ve seen you guys ignore each other for hours doing totally different things.
Sheldon: It’s called parallel play.
Leonard: Yeah, toddlers do that.
Sheldon: Not as well as we do.
Leonard: You believe this guy? He has to be the best at everything.
Penny: So what? Why do you even care?
Sheldon: Oh, listen to them. Not even married and the honeymoon’s over.
Leonard: Whatever. You can’t even go on a date without checking your relationship agreement.
Sheldon: If you’ve got a problem basing a relationship on a contract, I’d like to tell you about 13 plucky colonies that entered a relationship agreement called the U.S. Constitution. And it may not be cool to say so, but I think that love affair is still pretty hot today.
Amy: It’s a good thing I’m not wearing flag underwear right now, ’cause there’s about to be a fire.
Scene: The gym.
Bernadette: Okay, it’s not that hard. You just look to where you want to throw it, step towards where you want to throw, and throw it.
Howard: That’s your help? That’s like saying here’s how you fly a plane, get in the airplane, know where you want to go and fly it.
Bernadette: Just throw the ball. Let’s see what we’re working with.
Raj: Come on Howard, fire it in.
Bernadette: Throw the damn ball!
Scene: The pub.
Amy: So when do you guys plan on getting married?
Penny: Uh, we’re not sure. But I want to wait long enough to prove to my mother I’m not pregnant.
Sheldon: May I have one of your fries?
Amy: Of course. Can I have a bite of your burger?
Sheldon: Absolutely not.
Leonard: Some perfect couple. He won’t even share his food with her.
Sheldon: It has avocado on it. She’s allergic to avocado. Are you so jealous of our relationship you want Amy to die?
Leonard: I’m not jealous. I just think it’s silly for you to compare relationships like they’re something that can be quantified.
Sheldon: Everything is quantifiable. That French fry? A seven. Spider-Man? A nine. The number nine? Oddly, only a four.
Leonard: How ridiculous is he?
Penny: A hundred.
Leonard: Sheldon, you’re just assigning random numbers to things based on your opinion.
Sheldon: No, I’m not. French fries have three variables, crispiness, saltiness and shape. Which is why a curly fry only gets a two. If I wanted curls for dinner, I’d order a clown wig.
Penny: Well, a relationship is more complicated than a French fry.
Sheldon: Not according to the work of Berscheid, Snyder and Omoto.
Penny: Oh, what did those rascals do now?
Amy: They developed the Relationship Closeness Inventory, which predicts the stability of a couple based on behaviour.
Sheldon: Yeah, not to be confused with the French Fry Goodness Inventory. That’s pure Cooper.
Leonard: So, this is accurate?
Sheldon: It’s been around for 25 years, and has been extensively corroborated by other researchers.
Penny: Well, kind of takes the romance out of relationships.
Sheldon: Kind of? It does it perfectly.
Amy: Sheldon and I got an eight-point-two out of ten.
Leonard: Fine. We’ll take it right now.
Penny: No, don’t.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Just don’t take it.
Leonard: Why not?
Penny: ‘Cause it’s stupid. Who cares what number it is?
Leonard: Come on. It’ll be fun.
Penny: I said I don’t want you to. I’m getting another drink.
Leonard: Sorry.
Amy: I’m gonna let you count this as two dates. They’re a lot of work.
Scene: The gym.
Bernadette: Think he’s getting any better?
Raj: Yup.
Howard: That was a close one.
Bernadette: Okay.
Raj: Is it too late for him to cancel?
Bernadette: I think so.
Howard: Heads up! Watch out!
Scene: The pub.
Leonard: Are you mad at me?
Penny: No, stop being stupid.
Leonard: Um, whew? Is this about the test, or is this about us?
Penny: Look, I don’t need a score on a test to make me worry about something I’m already worried about.
Leonard: What are you worried about?
Penny: That we’re engaged and have nothing in common, and it scares me.
Leonard: Yeah, that scares me, too.
Penny: It does?
Leonard: Sometimes.
Penny: Well, that’s not good. You being blindly infatuated with me was the rock we were building this relationship on.
Leonard: Okay, well, this might make you feel better. Uh, we’re both scared that our marriage will be a disaster, and so, that’s something that we have in common. Also, we both think I’m not funny. Huh? See, you’re not laughing.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment. 
Mike (on Skype): Hey, Froot Loops, what’s up?
Howard: Hey, Mike. Listen, NASA asked me to throw out the first pitch at an Angels game. You got any advice?
Mike: Yeah. Don’t do it. What else you up to?
Howard: Why shouldn’t I do it?
Mike: There’s no upside. If you do well, no one cares. And if you screw up, you’re an idiot on YouTube forever.
Howard: But it’s for a good cause. What about all the kids that’ll be there?
Mike: That’s what I’m telling you. Kids are the worst. My own daughter tweeted I have a giant nose.
Howard: Well, maybe I’ll do a good job.
Mike: I don’t know. In space, you couldn’t even toss me a pen, and that was in zero gravity.
Howard: Okay, thanks for the pep talk.
Mike: Anytime, Froot Loops. Give your wife a hug for me. She’s so much cuter than you, I don’t know how you ever got her.
Bernadette: He’s so nice.
Scene: The pub.
Penny: Hey, sorry about that.
Amy: No, we’re sorry. We never should have been comparing relationships in the first place.
Sheldon: Why? We won. You know, I say, next, we take on Koothrappali and his dog. Really give ourselves a challenge.
Leonard: I just want to say one more thing about this. Just because Penny and I are very different people does not mean that we’re a bad couple.
Sheldon: The answer is one simple test away. Hmm? You know, it’s like when I thought there was a possum in my closet. Did I sit around wondering? No, I sent Leonard in with a pointy stick and a bag.
Leonard: I killed his Chewbacca slippers.
Penny: Let’s just take the test.
Leonard: No, no, no, I don’t want to.
Penny: Oh, well, ’cause you know we’re gonna do bad.
Leonard: Because it doesn’t matter. I don’t care if we’re a ten or a two.
Sheldon: Or a one. A one is possible.
Leonard: Marriage is scary. You’re scared, I’m scared. But it doesn’t make me not want to do it. It, it just makes me want to hold your hand and do it with you.
Penny: Leonard.
Amy: It would make me so happy if you said things like that.
Sheldon: We got an eight-point-two. Trust me, you’re happy.
Scene: Angels Stadium
Raj: Mmm, I love how they put a waterfall at centre field. It really ties the whole stadium together.
Penny: Look at you, talking sports.
Leonard: This is fun, huh? We get to see our friend throw out the first pitch, have a hot dog, watch the game.
Sheldon: Whoa. Nobody said anything about watching the game.
Amy: Sheldon, what did you expect?
Sheldon: I expected to see Howard throw the baseball, finish my hot dog, and hightail it across the street to Disneyland just in time for Mickey’s Soundsational Parade.
Amy: I’ll tell you what. If we stay, I’ll buy you cotton candy and a bobblehead.
Sheldon: Who’s the bobblehead of?
Amy: Does it matter?
Sheldon: No, as long as it bobbles.
Bernadette: Howie, I am so proud of you.
Howard: Thanks. I’m proud of me, too.
Man: You ready?
Howard: Let’s do it.
Man: All right.
Howard: Wish me luck.
Bernadette: Go get ’em.
Stadium Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, in honour of Space Day at Angel Stadium, the first pitch will be thrown out by NASA astronaut Howard Wolowitz.
Howard: Thank you. Thank you.
Penny: Can he really throw a ball?
Leonard: On our Quidditch team, he…
Penny: Yeah, that’s a no.
Howard: I have a message for the young people here today. When I was asked to throw the first pitch, a little voice in my head said I couldn’t do it. So, I practiced and practiced, and you know what? That little voice was right, but then I remembered that I’m not an athlete. I’m a scientist. So, today’s first pitch will be delivered to home plate by science. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, I present to you a working prototype of the Mars Rover. And here’s the wind-up, and the pitch.
Bernadette: Why is it going so slow?
Howard: ‘Cause I’m an idiot who didn’t think this through.
Sheldon: Okay, new plan. We go to Disneyland, play hide and seek on Tom Sawyer’s Island, and then come back and see the end of the pitch.
Howard: Okay, while we’re waiting for the ball to arrive, here’s some fun facts about Mars.
Man in Crowd: You suck, Wolowitz!
Sheldon: He makes a valid point.
Howard: Okay, booing isn’t gonna make it go any faster.
 								
			
				Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: Have you guys heard about this research team that’s trying to transgenically manipulate chicken DNA to create some sort of chicken dinosaur?
Sheldon: Oh, I think that sounds wonderful.
Howard: What? You’re afraid of both dinosaurs and chickens.
Sheldon: Yes, but tell me a dinosaur chicken salad sandwich wouldn’t hit the Mesozoic spot.
Raj: Hey, guys.
Howard: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello.
Raj: We still on for tomorrow night?
Leonard: Yeah. I’m excited to finally meet your girlfriend.
Sheldon: Speaking of which, according to a recent study out of Oxford University, when someone takes on a new romantic partner, that person loses one or two close friends.
Howard: Since when do you read social science?
Sheldon: I go to the bathroom like everybody else.
Raj: Why would I lose friends just because I started dating someone?
Leonard: Yeah, you didn’t lose anyone when you met Amy. Yeah, well, no, this study refers to romantic partners. Not the way I would categorize the two of us.
Raj: You guys kiss and hold hands.
Leonard: I’ve seen him do it. It’s not romantic.
Raj: Look, I’m not the kind of guy who drops his friends just because he’s in a relationship.
Leonard: What happens if she doesn’t like us?
Raj: Well, hey, you’re my dear friends. You’ll get a Christmas card for a couple of years, and then you’re dead to me.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: So, Howard, is Stuart still living with your mom?
Howard: I don’t want to talk about it.
Bernadette: But he’s going to.
Howard: My mom got him cable. In my whole life, growing up in that house, no cable. Do you know how many HBOs that leech had my mother get him? Seven. Seven HBOs. Seven.
Bernadette: Long story short, they have seven HBOs.
Raj: Hey, guys.
Sheldon: Hello.
Raj: Emily, you know almost everybody here.
Emily: Hi.
Raj: And this is Leonard, this is Penny.
Emily: Oh, it’s so nice to meet you.
Leonard: Nice to finally meet you, too.
Penny: Hi.
Emily: Hello.
Leonard: Wow, Raj, you were not lying about her.
Raj: I told you she exists.
Penny: Hey, I hear you’re a dermatologist.
Emily: Uh, yeah, I’m a resident at Huntington Hospital.
Sheldon: Oh, I like their emergency room. Yeah, even if it turns out you don’t have Dengue fever, they still let you take a lollipop.
Bernadette: You know, Penny just started training to be a pharmaceutical sales rep. Maybe she can practice on you some time.
Penny: Oh, it would be great to practice on a real doctor.
Emily: Yeah. I’m sure that’d be fine.
Sheldon: I have some odd freckles on my buttocks. Can I make an appointment for you to look at them?
Emily: Um, okay, I guess.
Amy: I’m with him three years, nothing. She’s with him two minutes, and he’s taking his pants off.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Bernadette: Last night was fun. What did you think of Emily?
Penny: I don’t know. I kind of got the sense she didn’t like me.
Bernadette: Did she say she didn’t like you?
Penny: Of course not. No one ever says they don’t like you straight to your face.
Amy: We have led different lives.
Bernadette: You guys just met. Why would she feel that way?
Penny: It’s just this vibe I got.
Bernadette: I’m sure you’re worried about nothing.
Penny: Yeah. You’re probably right. I used to think my high school P.E. teacher didn’t like me, but it turned out, she liked me a little too much.
Bernadette: Really?
Penny: Yeah. It was fine. We went to a Melissa Etheridge concert, I got an A, it all worked out.
Bernadette: When you go to Emily’s office to practice, you’ll see. It’s fine.
Penny: Yeah, I hope you’re right.
Amy: You really went your entire life without anyone saying I hate you to your face?
Penny: Yeah.
Amy: I’d say it now, but look at those cheekbones.
Scene: Capital Comics.
Sheldon: I miss Stuart’s place. All this loud music and exposed brick. What, is this a comic book store, or a rave at the third little pig’s house?
Howard: Yep, I wish Stuart would reopen. I hate this place, too.
Leonard: Okay, him I believe because he’s an 80-year-old man in a 15-year-old’s tee shirt. But you’re just upset about Stuart and your mom and all their HBOs.
Howard: Yes, I am. You know, I can’t even watch Game of Thrones now without thinking of mother saying, Stuart, which one is Thrones?
Raj: You know, he might not reopen. He didn’t get a lot of money from the insurance company.
Sheldon: Oh, boy, if there is one thing that gets my goat, it’s those dad-gum insurance companies.
Leonard: Why? Because they won’t get off your lawn? Is Stuart trying to get a loan, or, or find investors?
Howard: All I know is, he’s got my mother buying four-ply toilet paper. I mean, four-ply. If his butt is so delicate, why doesn’t he just use an angora rabbit?
Sheldon: For starters, they shed and bite.
Leonard: Hey, here’s a thought. Why don’t we put up the rest of the money that Stuart needs?
Raj: So, we’d be, like, owners of a comic book store?
Leonard: It’s kind of a dream come true.
Howard: That does sound fun.
Raj: Ooh, maybe we could come up with a business plan to compete with this place.
Sheldon: I’ll give you a plan right now. Step one, open comic book store. Step two, start rumour this comic book store gives you genital warts. Step three, buy a big bag to put the money in.
Leonard: It’s not that bad.
Scene: Emily’s surgery. 
Penny: Hey.
Emily: Hi.
Penny: Thank you so much for letting me practice my sales pitch on you. I really appreciate it.
Emily: Sure.
Penny: Um, I brought coffee. I wasn’t sure what you like, so I got a regular, a cappuccino and a Chai tea. Since you like Raj, I thought you might be into that.
Emily: Thanks. If we could get started. I’m a little busy.
Penny: Oh, yeah, sure. Let me just get out my materials. Leonard gave me this briefcase. He used to carry it around in high school. You can still see the dent where they whacked him with it. Okay, I would like to talk to you about our new birth control pill, Femevra.
Emily: Great.
Penny: So, Femevra’s triphasic design provides balanced hormonal exposure.
Emily: All right.
Penny: It has also been shown to cause significantly fewer side effects than other oral contraceptives. Although it can cause acne, which, if you ask me, kind of increases its effectiveness as a contraceptive.
Emily: Funny.
Penny: Okay, I’m sorry. Did we get off on the wrong foot? Because since the other night, I kind of feel like you might have a problem with me.
Emily: No, it’s fine.
Penny: Are you sure, because it doesn’t seem fine?
Emily: Okay. If you really want to talk about this, I do have a problem.
Penny: Oh, my God. Tell me, what did I do?
Emily: Look, it’s nothing. It’s just, Raj told me that a while ago, you two hooked up.
Penny: What? Oh, why would he say that?
Emily: Did it not happen?
Penny: Well, I wouldn’t exactly call it a hook-up.
Emily: Did you kiss?
Penny: Yeah.
Emily: Were you naked?
Penny: Yeah.
Emily: So, it was a hook-up.
Penny: No. Yeah.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: So, what are some ways we could set our comic book store apart from the competition?
Leonard: Oh, kids buy comic books. It would be great to figure out a way to get more kids in the store.
Howard: You know, when I was a kid, I loved going there, but I could never get a ride.
Raj: Ooh, what if we got a van and drove around and picked kids up?
Sheldon: Nice. You mean, like at parks and schools?
Howard: Toy stores, puppet shows.
Leonard: Hold on. So, your idea is to get a van and cruise the streets looking for kids to pick up?
Sheldon: Yes.
Leonard: And are you gonna use candy to lure them in?
Raj: We are now.
Penny: You told Emily we hooked up?
Raj: Um, well, in my defence, I tell everybody.
Penny: Why would you say that?
Raj: We were having a conversation about past lovers.
Penny: We weren’t lovers. Come on. Everyone knows we didn’t sleep together. We got drunk and fooled around. Why couldn’t you just leave me out of it?
Raj: Well, we were being honest. You would leave me out of the conversation with the next guy if you dumped Leonard?
Leonard: Why say it?
Penny: Yes.
Raj: Well, I would never leave you off my list, and not just because, without you, we’re playing fast and loose with the word list.
Penny: Well, good job. Now she hates me. Ugh.
Raj: Great.
Sheldon: On the bright side, that Oxford study was right. One friend down. I wonder who you’re going to lose next.
Raj: You, okay? It’s you. You’re, you’re next.
Sheldon: No. You’re crazy about me.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: I don’t know what Emily’s so upset about anyway. Even if I had slept with him, so what? Everyone has a past.
Amy: Hmm-hmm.
Penny: Almost everyone has a past.
Bernadette: Come on, look how pretty you are. I’m sure this isn’t the first girl to hate you.
Penny: It’s not.
Bernadette: And I’m sure you can turn it around.
Penny: How? You can’t force someone to like you.
Amy: What if you just hang around and act like her friend until you wear her down? I mean, next thing you know, you’re in her home, you’re eating her food, drinking her wine.
Penny: No, that won’t work.
Amy: You’re right. Cheers.
Bernadette: Oh, I know. Why don’t you use your sales training to go back down there and sell yourself?
Penny: What?
Bernadette: Yeah. But instead of selling a drug, you’d be selling Penny. it’s cute.
Penny: It’s stupid.
Bernadette: Well, maybe people would like you more if you didn’t crap all over their ideas.
Amy: I’m gonna go with Penny on this one. Then again, why wouldn’t I? I mean, we go way back.
Penny: Oh, my God. I didn’t used to like you.
Amy: Shh. Amy’s here now.
Scene: Capital Comics.
Sheldon: You know, the more I think about it, the more intrigued I am about having our own store.
Howard: We’ll get to see all the new stuff before it hits the shelves.
Sheldon: And we’ll get to have fun interactions with our customers. Like, this isn’t a library, buy it or get out.
Howard: You say things like that all the time.
Sheldon: Yes, but as a store owner, I’ll finally have a good comeback to, You don’t work here, shut up.
Leonard: Uh, do you know how Penny told Raj he should have left her off his list?
Howard: Yeah.
Leonard: Well, do you think when she and I had that conversation, she left people off her list?
Sheldon: I’m sure she did.
Leonard: Why?
Sheldon: Because if she hadn’t, she’d still be wading through the list.
Leonard: Will you stay out of this?
Sheldon: If only Penny had said that once in a while.
Howard: Hey, what difference does it make? You’re the one she wants to marry.
Leonard: That’s true.
Howard: Yeah, and I’m not sure that complete honesty is always the best thing for a relationship.
Sheldon: Yeah, he’s right. Once, in a moment of candour, I told Amy that her hair reminded me of a duck caught in an oil spill. She stormed out. Which was sad, because we were playing Scrabble, and I had all the letters to spell persimmon.
Leonard: Why are you even part of this conversation? You don’t know anything about women.
Sheldon: I know that if I had a wife or a fiancée, I’d ask her first before I invested money in a comic book store.
Howard: He’s right.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, of course I am. I was also right about her hair. It did everything but quack.
Scene: The stairwell.
Leonard: There’s something I wanted to run past you.
Penny: What’s up?
Leonard: Mm, the guys and I were thinking about investing in Stuart’s comic book store. Is that okay?
Penny: Why are you asking me?
Leonard: Well, you know, we’re engaged, and it’s kind of a big deal financially. It seems like something we should talk about.
Penny: Oh. Well, would you consider mounds of credit card debt kind of a big deal financially?
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: Huh.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: Mm. So, me and the guys were talking about this great investment opportunity.
Bernadette: Nope.
Howard: But you didn’t hear what it was.
Bernadette: I know.
Howard: Oh, come on.
Bernadette: Fine. What is it?
Howard: It’s to help reopen the comic book store.
Bernadette: Nope.
Howard: Well, hear me out.
Bernadette: Howard, you know we’re saving up for a house.
Howard: I know, but all the guys are doing it. We’re splitting it four ways, so it’s really not that much money.
Bernadette: It just seems like a risky investment.
Howard: I get that. I, okay, look, the real reason this is important is, before my dad left me and my mom, he used to take me to the comic book store. It was one of the few things we did together.
Bernadette: Oh. Howie, I had no idea.
Howard: Well, I don’t like to talk about it.
Bernadette: Oh, baby. That story’s made up, isn’t it?
Howard: That’s how much buying a comic book store means to me.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: I’d like your honest opinion on something.
Amy: Of course.
Sheldon: Now, before I start, I need you to know that I’m very excited about this, and anything you say that isn’t enthusiastically supportive will throw our entire relationship into question. So, keep an open mind.
Amy: I’m feeling a little backed into a corner, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Perfect. Now, I’m considering investing in Stuart’s comic book store.
Amy: Interesting. Can you see how a grown man, an accomplished scientist, who invests in a store that sells picture books about flying men in colourful underwear might be wasting both his financial and intellectual resources?
Sheldon: No.
Amy: Then I think it’s a terrific idea.
Sheldon: Great. Wait till you hear about our van.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Raj: Hey.
Penny: Hi.
Raj: Thanks for inviting us over.
Penny: Oh, thank you for coming.
Emily: Uh, listen, Penny, before you start, I just want to apologise for being so rude the other day in my office.
Penny: No, no. No need to apologise.
Raj: Excuse me, can I say something? I just love both you guys, and I want you to get along. And when I say love I meant as a friend. And, uh, way too soon, right?
Penny: Okay, sit down. Listen, Emily, what happened between me and Raj was a long time ago.
Raj: It was, and I may have made it seem like a bigger deal than I should have.
Penny: Yeah, and Leonard and I are engaged now, and I’m just hoping we can put this whole thing behind us.
Emily: Mm. I’d like that, too. Yeah, I thought I’d be okay with it, but then I saw how pretty you are.
Penny: Oh, that’s so sweet. I mean, look at you, you are gorgeous.
Raj: It’s true, you’re both gorgeous. Kind of says something about the man who could bed you both. You get why I’ve been alone most of my adult life.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Stuart: So, what brings you by?
Howard: Well, I don’t need a reason, it’s my house.
Stuart: Technically, it’s your mom’s house, but we certainly want you to feel welcome.
Howard: I’m always welcome.
Stuart: Mm, just try and call first.
Bernadette: Okay, let’s get down to business. Howie was thinking about putting up some money to help you reopen the store, but before that happens, I have a few questions.
Stuart: Oh. I appreciate the offer, but actually your mother already gave me the money.
Howard: What?
Stuart: Yeah. I told her it was too much, but she said she was happy to help out her bubala.
Howard: Excuse me. Ma, you are cancelling that cheque, and Stuart is not your bubala, I’m your bubala. You can’t have more than one bubala.
Stuart: I don’t know who he’s talking to. She’s at Target, buying me shirts.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Raj: I’m so glad we could work this all out.
Penny: Yeah, me, too.
Emily: You know, we should have dinner one night with you and Leonard.
Penny: Oh, we would love that.
Raj: Great.
Penny: Okay, good night, guys.
Emily: All right, night.
Penny: Bye.
Emily and Penny (simultaneously): I hate her.
Scene: The apartment. 
Raj: I’m really disappointed we’re not gonna have our own comic book store.
Leonard: I know. I was looking forward to it.
Sheldon: It would’ve been so nice to have a place that was ours, where we could just sit and read comics in peace.
Howard: With comfy seats.
Raj: And snacks.
Sheldon: Well, I guess it was too good to be true.
Leonard: Yeah.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Bernadette: I like your suit.
Penny: Oh, thanks. Got a couple new outfits for work.
Howard: How does it feel knowing your fiancée’s job is to go out and flirt with doctors, looking like that, while you sit here, you know, looking like this?
Leonard: She doesn’t flirt with doctors.
Penny: Yeah. It’s all very professional.
Amy: You know when you bend over, I can see down your shirt?
Penny: Okay, good.
Bernadette: Speaking of new careers, how are things going with dark matter, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Oh, yeah, I’d have to say it’s the most exiting time in the history of the field.
Bernadette: Oh. What’s going on?
Sheldon: I started doing it.
Raj: You know, the government funded the biggest experiment yet to detect dark matter.
Leonard: Yeah, I’ve read about that, they’re sending research teams down into abandoned salt mines.
Raj: You know, Sheldon, if we apply to be one of those teams, we could be on the ground floor of something big, not just for theoretical physics but for astrophysics as well.
Penny: Wait, hang on, you guys are gonna work in a mine?
Sheldon: Why not?
Penny: You had a panic attack when we went through the car wash.
Sheldon: Perhaps the emotion you’re referring to was shock at you having something cleaned.
Leonard: I think what Penny meant is, the thought of you two in a mine is kind of funny, it’s like a cat riding a Roomba.
Howard:If they get scared, they’ll have those hats with the lights on them, ’cause down there it’s night-night all the time.
Bernadette: Maybe they could ride around in one of those mine carts that go ee-oo-ee-oo-ee-oo.
Leonard: Yeah, it’ll help them get away when they see a g-g-ghost.
Sheldon:Are they making fun of us?
Raj: Yup.
Sheldon: I miss the old days when I couldn’t tell.
Credits sequence. 
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Leonard: So, one of my favourite video games of all time is called Shadow of the Colossus, and it was only for PlayStation 2, but then they came out with a new version for PS3 with better graphics. I finally got the chance to play it, and for some reason, it just wasn’t as good as the first one. Or something about yoga.
Penny: I’m sorry, I was thinking about work.
Leonard: Well, I was just saying that there was this video game…
Penny: Yeah, that’s when I started thinking about work. Uh, listen, I’ve got some good news.
Leonard: Hmm.
Penny: This is for you.
Leonard: Huh. What is this?
Penny: Well, you know how they gave me the company car? Didn’t make sense to have two, so I sold the other one.
Leonard: The one I gave you?
Penny: Yeah. And there’s your money back, and now we’re even. How great is that?
Leonard: Uh, yeah.
Penny: What?
Leonard: Nothing.
Penny: Oh, come on, Leonard, I know the car was a thoughtful gesture and I really appreciate it, but it doesn’t make sense to have both.
Leonard: You’re right.
Penny: What should I have done? Taken a picture of us in the car and put it in a pink frame with puffy paint around it that says best fiancé ever?
Leonard: Doesn’t sound that bad.
Penny: Well, good, because that’s what I did.
Leonard: Aw, oh, thank you. That is so sweet.
Penny: Well, it’s not that sweet, I paid for the frame with your money and then got a massage.
Leonard: You know what, you don’t have to give me this. You keep it.
Penny: Why?
Leonard: The car was a gift, it was something you needed. I was happy to help you out.
Penny: And I really appreciate it, but now I don’t need it, so here you go.
Leonard: Well, this is silly, so you don’t need the car, but you could use it to buy yourself something else, like a new purse to put all this money in.
Penny: Sweetie, I can buy my own stuff. I have a good job now.
Leonard: I know, and I’m proud of you, but that doesn’t mean I can’t do something nice. Like this.
Penny: Okay, I don’t want this to turn into a fight.
Leonard: I don’t, either.
Penny: Great. Thank you. Can you pass the salt, please?
Leonard: Sure. In my mind, that broke the tension with comedy and led to sex.
Scene: Sheldon’s office.
Raj: Hey, Sheldon, you busy?
Sheldon: I’m always busy. This mind is capable of advanced multitasking. You know, currently, I’m attempting to solve the Penrose conjecture, I’m composing my Nobel acceptance speech for when I’ve solved the Penrose conjecture, and I’m wondering how mermaids have babies.
Raj: Don’t they lay eggs on a rock?
Sheldon: Now I’ve got room for another thing. What do you want?
Raj: So, I did a little research on what the conditions are like in the mines, and the guys might be right, sounds pretty rough down there. For starters, it’s very humid, and about a hundred degrees.
Sheldon: Well, I’m from Texas and you’re from India, we’re no strangers to the fragrant armpit. Next.
Raj: It’s also a live mine, so there’ll be dynamite explosions going off in the distance.
Sheldon: Yeah, I have a lactose intolerant roommate with a taste for ice cream. Next.
Raj: Oh, you have to be down there for 12 hours at a time.
Sheldon: Yeah? We have to be somewhere.
Raj: Well, there’s no toilets, we’ll have to do our business in a bucket.
Sheldon: So it’s settled, we’re not doing it.
Raj: Look, I get it, but before we pass up on an incredible opportunity, I was thinking about when Howard was training to go to space, they put him in a simulated environment.
Sheldon: Interesting. You’re suggesting that we recreate the conditions of the mine to see if we can handle it.
Raj: Exactly.
Sheldon: Very well.
Raj: So where should we do it?
Sheldon: Well, I’ll just Google hot, dark and moist, see what comes up.
Raj: Uh, Sheldon…
Sheldon: Oh, there, well, look, there’s all kinds of videos.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Leonard: Hey, you got a sec?
Penny: Hi. Sure.
Leonard: I was hoping we could talk about the money again.
Penny: Oh, sweetie, just forget about it.
Leonard: No, no, no, no, hear me out. I know things got a little weird last night.
Penny: Well, leaving an envelope full of cash on my dresser after sex would count as weird.
Leonard: Well, I think I came up with a pretty good solution.
Penny: Mm.
Leonard: Why don’t we just put the money in a joint account? It’ll be our first money together. We can use it for the wedding, the honeymoon, whatever.
Penny: You know what, that’s great. I love that.
Leonard: Yeah, of course you do, I’m not just a genius in bed. You sure are, baby.
Penny: You two want to be alone?
Leonard: I want you to know I get why you don’t want the money, you’ve got this new job, you’re excited about being financially independent, and I am nothing but proud of you.
Penny: Oh, thank you so much. It feels so good to hear you say that. And I want you to know that I get this job kind of changes the balance in our relationship, and I’m trying to be sensitive to that.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Well, I just think that maybe you’re a little hung up on the money because I’m less reliant on you now, and that’s a little scary.
Leonard: Hmm. Maybe. Or maybe I tried to do something nice and maybe you had a problem with it because of your control issues.
Penny: Control issues?
Leonard: Maybe.
Penny: Or, maybe now that I’m no longer an out-of-work actress who can’t pay for her own dinner, that makes you a little insecure.
Leonard: Well, I can’t believe you’d say that. You know how insecure I am about my insecurities.
Penny: You know what? I’m sorry. It’s stupid to fight over money.
Leonard: Yeah, I’m sorry, too. We’re about to share the rest of our lives together. It’s our money, who cares who has it?
Penny: Ugh, You’re right, who cares? Mm. Get that money out of my back pocket or I will break your fingers.
Scene: The university basement.
Raj: Huh. All this time I never knew there were steam tunnels down here.
Amy: Most universities have them. When I was an undergrad, I spent three days in one pledging a sorority.
Raj: Did you get in?
Amy: No. They forgot I was there. But it really opened up my pores.
Sheldon: Well, according to my research, the steam tunnels below this access point should be the closest analog to the mines.
Raj: This is gonna be so much more accurate than the steam room at the gym.
Sheldon: Plus, there’s almost no chance we’ll see any of our coworkers half naked.
Raj: Or totally naked. I love Howard, but the dude needs a little shame.
Sheldon: All right, Amy, this walkie-talkie is yours. If we run into any problems, I’ll contact you. And if anything bad happens, what’s the rule?
Amy: Save you first; come back for Raj only if there’s time.
Raj: We’re going to be fine.
Amy: Sheldon, I’m really impressed you’re willing to try this.
Sheldon: Well, admittedly, this brushes up against my well-known aversions to heat, small places, going below floor-level, dampness, hatches, ladders, darkness, echoes, and eliminating in Home Depot buckets. That last one is quite new, but I have a feeling that’s gonna rocket to the top of the list.
Raj: I’m sweating already.
Sheldon: Yeah, as the person beneath you, allow me to say, I know.
Raj: How hot is it?
Sheldon: Uh, let’s see. 704? No, wait, it’s on clock. Uh, the real answer isn’t much better. 102 degrees.
Raj: Well, that’s what we wanted. This is as hot as the mines will be.
Sheldon: True. Sheldon’s Mine Simulation Log, entry one. Koothrappali’s restating of the obvious is already getting on my nerves.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Leonard: Thanks again for having us.
Howard: Oh, of course. What did you guys want to talk about?
Penny: Well, you know, now that we’re engaged, we had some questions about how you handle money as a couple.
Bernadette: I told you they weren’t gonna ask us to swing with them.
Howard: I didn’t think they were going to. I just wanted to have a way to say no without hurting Leonard’s feelings.
Leonard: Well, nailed it.
Howard: So what did you want to know?
Penny: Well, do you guys ever fight over money?
Bernadette: Sure, sometimes. I mean, it can be a little awkward since I make so much more money than Howie.
Howard: You didn’t have to say so much more.
Bernadette: Well, I didn’t have to, but for the sake of accuracy I felt that I should.
Howard: I brought a lot of significant assets into the relationship, too.
Bernadette: Like what? Your incomplete set of Star Trek collector plates?
Howard: For your information, I just bought the last one I needed on eBay.
Bernadette: Without asking me?
Howard: There were only three minutes left in the auction and it was a mint condition Scotty from a smoke-free home.
Bernadette: How much, Howie?
Howard: Not a lot.
Bernadette: How much?
Howard: Let’s not talk about this in front of our friends.
Bernadette: Was it more or less than falconry school?
Howard: For the tenth time, that was a Groupon.
Leonard: Like I would swing with him.
Scene: The steam tunnel. 
Raj: How you feeling?
Sheldon: Good. Little claustrophobic.
Raj: Let’s set up the equipment. It’ll help take your mind off of it.
Sheldon: Miners often sang mining songs to keep their spirits up.
Raj: Do you know any mining songs?
Sheldon: Just the hits. (Singing) Where it’s dark as a dungeon, and it’s damp as the dew.
Rajj: That’s pretty.
Sheldon: Where the dangers are double, and the pleasures are few. Where the rain never falls and the sun never shines, yes, it’s dark as a dungeon way down in the mine.
Raj: It’s a little more bleak than I thought.
Sheldon: Well, I pray when I’m dead and the ages shall roll, that my body will blacken and turn into coal.
Raj: Getting kind of grim.
Sheldon: Then I’ll look from the door of my heavenly home, and pity the miner that mines my poor bones.
Raj: Okay. How ’bout a little Miley Cyrus next?
Sheldon: Who’s he?
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: Talk about wasted money. What about the late fees on our credit card because somebody didn’t pay the bill on time?
Bernadette: Well, maybe I would have paid it if I wasn’t also doing everything else around here.
Howard: Oh, you’re saying I don’t do anything around here. Look at my chore chart.
Leonard: She made him a chore chart.
Penny: I see it.
Howard: Do the dishes. There’s a star right there.
Bernadette: That was a pity star. Putting water in the roasting pan and leaving it in the sink is not doing the dishes.
Howard: That pan had to soak and you know it.
Bernadette: Well, don’t come crying to me when you don’t get your allowance.
Howard: It’s not an allowance. It’s a stipend, and we said we weren’t gonna call it an allowance in front of my friends.
Leonard: I usually don’t like lemon bars, but these, these are really good.
Scene: The steam tunnel. 
Raj: So, as Hannah Montana, Miley was a world-famous pop star. But then she would take off her wig and go to school like a normal girl. Which, I don’t have to tell you, at that age, is its own headache.
Sheldon: That’s preposterous. How would she go unrecognized just by wearing a wig?
Raj: But you’re okay with Superman concealing his identity with a pair of glasses?
Sheldon: He doesn’t just put on a pair of glasses. He combs back his curlicue and affects a mild-mannered personality.
Amy (shouting): You guys doing okay down there?
Sheldon: I told you to use the walkie-talkie!
Amy (on walkie-talkie): You guys doing okay down there?
Sheldon: Please keep this channel clear for emergencies. Thank you.
Amy: I’m going to the vending machine. Do you want anything?
Sheldon: This is a simulation. We have to survive on the supplies we brought.
Amy: Okay, just checking.
Raj: We should have asked her to get some Funyuns.
Sheldon: You’re not going to have Funyuns when we’re a mile below the surface of the Earth.
Raj: What if we brought them down with us?
Sheldon: We’ll take some Funyuns.
Amy: Anything else?
Sheldon: Some York Peppermint Patties, a couple of Dr. Peppers, and run to Best Buy and see if they have a portable DVD player and season one of a show called Hannah Montana.
Rajj: Have her get season two. Season one, it was still finding itself.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment. 
Bernadette: Sorry you guys had to see that.
Penny: Oh, don’t apologize.
Leonard: Yeah. It just makes it a lot harder to pretend it never happened.
Bernadette: Money’s a sensitive subject for Howie because of the difference in our income.
Penny: It really bothers him?
Bernadette: Well, sure. There’s still a lot of pressure on guys to be providers. So even though he’s happy for me, it’s just a little tough on him.
Penny: Uh-oh.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Well, if I do well in sales, I could end up making a lot more money than you.
Leonard: Not a problem. I grew up with a mother who emasculated my father financially and in every other aspect of his life, so really, it’s what I think love looks like.
Bernadette: I’ll be right back. I’m gonna go check on him.
Penny: Maybe it’s a good thing we came here. It’s like a lesson in what not to do.
Leonard: Yeah I don’t want something dumb like money to come between us.
Penny: It won’t. Let’s just promise to figure this kind of stuff out before we get married.
Howard (off): Why are you being so bossy?
Bernadette (off): Why are you being a baby?
Howard (off): I’m not a baby. I’m a grown man, and I made the bed. Now where’s my star?
Leonard: Should we go?
Penny: Hang on. I want to see if he gets the star.
Scene: The steam tunnel. 
Raj: Oh, this heat is brutal.
Sheldon: As someone from the tropical subcontinent of India, you should know that fanning yourself in a humid environment only raises your body temperature.
Rajj: Huh. That does explain why the servants used to look so hot while they were fanning me. Let’s get our minds off how uncomfortable we are. We could take some more simulated instrument readings.
Sheldon: My major focus at the moment is keeping my claustrophobia at bay.
Raj: How’s that going?
Sheldon: You tell me. I feel like I can’t breathe, and I am tempted to crack you open and suck the air right out of your lungs.
Raj: Sheldon, if this is too much, we can stop.
Sheldon: We’re not stopping.
Raj: You don’t have to bite my head off.
Sheldon: I apologize. I just, I’m plagued by an internal struggle.
Raj: If you would just use the bucket, you’d be so much more comfortable.
Sheldon: My struggle is emotional.
Raj: Oh. Is it Amy?
Sheldon: It’s dark matter. When I entered the field of string theory, I was a prodigy. I rose to a position of respect, and I assumed my career would continue on that upward trajectory. Now here I am in my 30s, I’m back at square one. And, frankly, it’s frightening.
Raj: Sheldon, you know what I think of when I’m scared? Voyager.
Sheldon: Voyager the space probe or Voyager the Star Trek TV show?
Raj: The space probe.
Sheldon: Good. Because I am too hot and tired to go on about how much I hate Voyager the TV show.
Raj: By the time I was born, Voyager 1’s mission was supposed to be over. It had seen Jupiter and Saturn and all their moons, but it kept going. When I left India for America, I was never more scared in my life. I had no idea what lay ahead. Whenever I feel that way, I think about how Voyager is still out there somewhere beyond our solar system, going further than anyone ever thought it could. Don’t leave. You can do this.
Amy: Sheldon, is everything okay?
Sheldon: It’s too late for Koothrappali. Let’s go.
Amy: 11 minutes. That’s longer than I thought.
Raj (off): They’re in my shirt. They’re in my shirt. They’re in my shirt.
Scene: Penny’s bedroom.
Penny: Okay, this is definitely the most fun thing we can do with the money.
Leonard: I’ve never done it on a big old pile of cash before. Me neither, Leonard. It’s my first time, too.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s bedroom.
Bernadette: I’m so sorry I made you feel bad about the money stuff.
Howard: It’s okay.
Bernadette: No, it’s not okay. I want us to be partners, equals. Adults in a mature relationship.
Howard: I want that, too.
Bernadette: Now, let’s talk about your birthday party.
Howard: Ooh, laser tag, laser tag.
Bernadette: Oh.
Scene: The apartment. 
Amy: Do you really need me to transcribe this?
Sheldon: You’re not doing it for me. You’re doing it for future generations who will benefit from my struggle. (Voice on recorder) Sheldon’s Mine Simulation Log, entry four. My Kit Kat has melted. All is lost.
Raj: You call yourself a friend? I was trying to help you, and at the first sign of trouble you ran away, leaving me to fend off a family of rats. You’re a completely selfish human being and a, and a physical and a moral coward.
Sheldon: His statements of the obvious continue to annoy.
 								
			
				Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Bernadette: So, what are you working on these days?
Amy: I’m studying one-celled organisms to try and find the neurochemicals that lead to the feeling of shame.
Bernadette: What would a one-celled organism have to be embarrassed about?
Penny: Same as all of us, getting out of a car without underwear.
Bermadette: Speaking of underwear, I have some interesting news.
Penny: Okay, if it’s sometimes Howie wears yours, Leonard already told us.
Bernadette: He was being funny. I’m pretty sure. Anyway, I was asked to be a part of a magazine article about the 50 sexiest female scientists in California. Isn’t that cool?
Amy: I think it’s awful.
Penny: Why would you say that?
Amy: Bernadette is a successful microbiologist. She should be celebrated for her achievements, not her looks. I mean, what kind of message does that send?
Penny: I think the message is check out the rack on that scientist.
Bernadette: Why can’t someone be thought of as both smart and pretty?
Amy: I just don’t think a professional woman should have to flaunt her sexuality in order to get ahead.
Penny: Okay, what’s the big deal? Look, if it helps me make a sale with a physician, I don’t think it hurts to flirt a little. I mean, laugh at their joke, touch their arm, maybe crank up the AC in the car beforehand, you know, to wake up the girls.
Amy: Maybe it’s different in the world of sales, but it’s already hard enough for women to be taken seriously in science.
Bernadette: I was kind of excited about the article, but now you’re making me feel bad.
Penny: No, I think you should do whatever you want. You know, maybe if fashion magazines had female scientists in them, I would’ve become a theoretical physicist. Stop smirking at each other.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The building foyer. 
Man with Flowers: Thank you.
Sheldon: No, thank you. Delivery men are the unsung foot soldiers of our nation’s commerce. It’s because of people like you, people like me can limit our human contact. I’d shake your hand, but, well, you know.
Man: I’m not a delivery man, I’m a doctor. Although I do often deliver alarming biopsy results to my patients.
Sheldon: That’s humorous.
Man: All right.
Sheldon: Yeah, I bet you leave your patients in stitches. That was also humorous.
Man: All right.
Sheldon: Are you bringing flowers to a patient to cushion the blow of a terminal diagnosis? That wasn’t a joke.
Man: All right. These are actually for a nice woman who makes sales calls to my office.
Sheldon: Hmm. You know, they have delivery people that will do that for you.
Man: I was hoping to impress her by tracking her down on the Internet and then showing up unannounced at her door.
Sheldon: Making the extra effort. Good for you.
Leonard: Great timing, food just got here.
Sheldon: Ooh, Siam Palace?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Uh, mee krob and chicken satay?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Uh, extra peanut sauce?
Leonard: No, but you can have mine.
Sheldon: Eh, well, very well. Oh, and on the topic of sharing things that are yours, there is a gentleman caller bringing flowers to your fiancée as we speak.
Leonard: What? Why didn’t you say that first?
Sheldon: Why didn’t you get extra peanut sauce? We can both play this game.
Leonard: Can I help you?
Man: Oh, hi. Uh, does Penny live here?
Leonard: May I ask why?
Man: Well, uh, I met her at my office, she winked at me. And, uh, I came hoping to initiate a romantic relationship.
Leonard: Okay, um, look, I’m pretty sure she didn’t wink at you.
Man: Oh, she did. Seductively, like this. And then she touched my arm for two Mississippis. Like, you know, one Mississippi, two…
Leonard: I got it, I got it. Listen, um, I think there’s been a misunderstanding. See, Penny is my fiancée.
Man: Really? I’ve never seen her wear an engagement ring.
Raj: Really?
Man: So, am I to presume that her flirtation was just a sales technique?
Leonard: I think so.
Man: When will I learn? It’s just like the cute girl at the pet store all over again.
Leonard: Excuse me?
Man: Oh, uh, she touched my arm for five Mississippis, and I bought a two thousand dollar iguana habitat. Which she was always too busy to come over and see. You give these to Penny. You’re a, you’re a lucky man.
Leonard: Thank you. Sorry.
Man: Oh, uh, you probably don’t want her to see this. It’s unnecessarily graphic.
Sheldon: Hold on, Doctor. Leonard, where are your social skills? This man is clearly upset. We should invite him in for a hot beverage.
Leonard: He tried to score with Penny.
Sheldon: So have these two, and they’re having dinner with us.
Scene: A bar.
Amy: So, how was work today?
Bernadette: It was fine, but you’ll be happy to know they pulled the sexy scientists article.
Amy: What happened?
Bernadette: I don’t know. They just canceled the photo shoot and said they’re rethinking it.
Amy: Well, I’m really sorry, but I think it’s for the best. You want people focusing on your achievements, not staring at your breasts in some magazine.
Bernadette: I guess. It’s really not that important. Hey, up here.
Amy: Sorry, it’s just we’re, we were talking about them. So, look, I, I wasn’t going to say anything, but since you seem to be okay with the article being canceled, I have a little confession. I’m the reason it was pulled.
Bernadette: What? How?
Amy: I sent the editors of the magazine a pretty scathing e-mail.
Bernadette: Amy, what did you say?
Amy: I simply pointed out that they would never consider doing an article ranking male scientists on their sexuality, let alone showing them in various stages of undress.
Bernadette: Because no one wants to see Neil deGrasse Tyson in a wet T-shirt, bent over the hood of a Porsche.
Amy: Well, it doesn’t make a difference, because they agreed it was in bad taste, and now you agree, so Amy saves the day.
Bernadette: No, what happened was you got jealous, so you took away a chance for me to get some publicity.
Amy: But it was bad publicity.
Bernadette: That’s for me to decide, not you.
Amy: I disagree. As a female scientist, I think what you do affects all of us.
Bernadette: And I think you don’t like people expressing their sexuality because no one wants you to express yours. Oh, Amy, I’m so sorry. That was over the line.
Amy: You have a nice night.
Bernadette: Please don’t go. Up until my vicious attack, you were the one in the wrong.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Here you go, Doctor. Red Zinger with one teaspoon of honey.
Man: Thank you. Neat Star Trek mug. I actually have one of the phasers from the original TV show.
Raj: Oh, cool.
Howard: How’d you get that?
Man: Oh, easy, Gene Roddenberry needed a vasectomy.
Sehldon: Wait a minute. You’ve snipped Gene Roddenberry’s vas deferens?
Man: Yes.
Howard: Wow, he really went where no man has gone before.
Man: I don’t like to brag,but, uh, you see, I’m kind of the doctor to the stars’ urinary tracts.
All: Wow.
Man: Uh, you, you want to see James Cameron’s kidney stone?
All: Ooh.
Man: He was so happy after he passed it, he gave me a Terminator.
Leonard: That is amazing. How long have you been collecting?
Man: Ever since I was a kid, but, uh, I didn’t really get serious until William Shatner’s bladder infection.
Sheldon: What’d you get? What’d you get?
Man: Well, he said it was a tribble. It could be a toupee, but either way, it’s pretty cool.
Raj: I would love to see your collection.
Man: Anytime. Uh, I’ve got some cool stuff. When I first started, I thought it would be a good way to meet women, but, well, you know.
Howard: We know.
Raj: Preach.
Man: Can I ask you a personal question?
Leonard: Sure.
Man: Um, I mean, you’re a guy like me, so how’d you get a girl like Penny?
Leonard: Oh. Well, you know, just being myself, really.
Sheldon: Oh, please, you know, I’ll tell you how he did it. Implacable, relentless badgering. In urology terms, he was a drug-resistant staph infection. And she was a urethra that could not shake him.
Leonard: I don’t know that I’d call myself an infection.
Howard: A gallant man would defend his fiancée for being called a urethra.
Leonard: Can we please change the subject?
Penny: Hi.
Raj: Well, that didn’t go your way.
Penny: Dr. Lorvis, what are you doing here?
Dr Lorvis: Uh, well, actually I came to see you.
Penny: Really? Why?
Leonard: Ah, that’s a good question. Apparently someone was being awfully flirty while not wearing their engagement ring, causing another someone to show up here thinking the first someone might be available.
Sheldon: Oh, God. Don’t make it so hard on her. Look, the first someone is the deceitful you. The second someone is the delightful Dr. Lorvis.
Penny: Oh, this is very embarrassing. Dr. Lorvis, I am so sorry. I did not mean to lead you on.
Dr Lorvis: You touched my arm for two Mississippis.
Penny: Oh. That’s why you were mumbling Mississippi.
Leonard: Can we talk in private?
Penny: Please, yes.
Leonard: I’ll be right back.
Sheldon: So what other celebrity genitalia have you handled?
Leonard: So, uh, what’s the deal? You take off your ring when you go to work?
Penny: What? No, no, I just put it on the other hand and turn it around. Keep that hand in my pocket.
Leonard: Why?
Penny: Well, what do you mean why? Look, I make more sales if these doctors think I’m single. I did the same kind of thing as a waitress. The real question is, what is he doing in your apartment?
Leonard: Oh, he was upset. So Sheldon invited him in for a hot beverage.
Penny: You were okay with that?
Leonard: No. I got upset. And Sheldon made me a beverage, too.
Penny: Okay, he just showed up at my door. Don’t you think that’s a little weird?
Leonard: A little, but he’s basically harmless. He’s actually kind of a nice guy.
Penny: Okay. Whatever, look, my company does not allow me to socialize with doctors outside of work. You got to get rid of him.
Leonard: Why am I the one that has to get rid of him?
Penny: I can’t do it, he’s my best client.
Leonard: All right, I’ll get rid of him. But you owe me one.
Raj: Hey, we’re going to Oliver’s house to see his collection. You want to go with us?
Leonard: Yeah, sure. You owe me.
Scene: Dr Lorvis’ basement.
Leonard: Oh, my God.
Sheldon: Leonard, I was wrong. Heaven does exist. And it’s in the basement of a urologist’s house in Sherman Oaks.
Dr Lorvis: Welcome to my Fortress of Solitude. This is where I go to get away from all my other solitude.
Howard: Oh, come on. It’s a replica.
Dr Lorvis: Original.
Howard: Oh, I think I just cheated on my wife.
Raj: The gun from Hellboy?
Dr Lorvis: Yup.
Raj: How did you get it?
Dr Lorvis: Bought it at auction.
Raj: Oh, I was hoping for a juicy tidbit about Ron Perlman’s testicles.
Woman’s voice (off): Oliver, I’m going to play bingo.
Dr Lorvis: Okay, Mother. Have fun.
Howard: Still lives with his ma. Yikes, right?
Raj: Yeah, I’m not quite sure how to respond.
Leonard: Wow, Donkey Kong. This, this was my game when I was a kid.
Sheldon: Because it’s a story of a pretty blonde girl tirelessly pursued by a small, oddly-shaped man?
Leonard: No, because I liked it.
Sheldon: Well, now, don’t get defensive. You’re oddly-shaped, but you got the girl.
Dr Lorvis: So, I’ve noticed Leonard gets teased a lot 0about his relationship with Penny.
Sheldon: Yes. If you’d like to join in, the premise is their love seems unlikely and doomed to failure.
Dr Lorvis: So, you think she’ll be single soon?
Sheldon: Oh, if you want to get in on the pool, you’re too late. All the squares have been purchased.
Dr Lorvis: Interesting. Excuse me, I have to take care of something.
Sheldon: Leonard, as your friend I feel I should tell you something.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: I’m still upset about that peanut sauce.
Scene: The lobby.
Dr Lorvis: Oh, could you hold the door?
Amy: Nice flowers.
Dr Lorvis: Thank you. They’re for a girl. Uh, I’m being implacable and relentless.
Amy: Isn’t she lucky?
Dr Lorvis: She keeps sending me mixed signals. But I think we both want the same thing.
Amy: What’s that?
Dr Lorvis: Unconditional love.
Amy: I guess that’s all anybody wants.
Dr Lorvis: I guess so.
Amy: Well, I hope you get it.
Dr Lorvis: One Mississippi, two Mississippi.
Scene: Dr Lorvis’ basement.
Leonard: Next game, let’s switch helmets.
Sheldon: No, I’d look silly in that helmet.
Scene: The stairwell. 
Amy: I can’t take these.
Dr Lorvis: Why not? I mean, you want what I want. And we had two wonderful Mississippis.
Amy: But what about the other girl?
Dr Lorvis: Oh, right. I’ll tell her we should just be friends.
Penny: Dr. Lorvis?
Dr Lorvis: Penny, we should just be friends. Happy?
Scene: Dr Lorvis’ basement.
Raj: You think he bites?
Howard: Stick your head in there and find out.
Raj: You fooled me with that goat at the petting zoo. You will not fool me again.
Leonard: I wonder where Dr. Lorvis is. He’s been gone a while.
Raj: Maybe he’s playing bingo with his mommy.
Howard: It’s sad how some guys can’t cut the apron strings.
Raj: Okay, now you’re messing with me.
Leonard: Uh, guys, we’re locked in here.
Sheldon: Oh, this day just keeps getting better.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: So, you just left them alone playing games in your house?
Dr Lorvis: Well, they seemed happy and I thought that would give me time for you and I to get to know each other better. That was before we met.
Amy: We all have a past.
Penny: Doc, you’ve got to see what you’re doing is, is a little creepy.
Dr Lorvis: You sound just like Sigourney Weaver when I followed her into a restroom.
Penny: Okay, you can’t just go chasing after every girl who’s nice to you.
Dr Lorvis: Well, that’s not what Sheldon says. And he seems to know his way around the ladies.
Penny (on phone): Hey, Leonard. Guess who’s back. Dr. Lorvis. Yeah. You care to join us? What? You locked them in your basement?
Dr Lorvis: Well, they’re, they’re not locked in. The door just sticks.
Penny: Okay, so how do they unstick it?
Dr Lorvis: They’d need the key.
Penny: Okay. Nope. That’s it. We are gonna go over there right now, and you are going to let them out.
Dr Lorvis: Three Mississippi, four Mississippi.
Penny: Move it.
Scene: The foyer. 
Bernadette: Oh, good, you’re here. Amy, I am so sorry.
Amy: That has to wait. This weirdo locked the guys up in his basement.
Bernadette: What?
Dr Lorvis: She seems nice. Who’s she?
Penny: Just walk.
Scene: Dr Lorvis’ basement. 
Sheldon: You can do this.
Raj: One ladder left.
Leonard: Oh-hom yeah.
Howard: Yes.
Leonard: Next level.
Penny: Leonard, are you okay?
Leonard: Better than okay. I am having the game of my life.
Amy: Dr. Lorvis, isn’t there something you want to say?
Dr Lorvis: Yes. I’m very sorry for locking you in my home.
Howard: Yeah, that was very uncool. Get the hammer. Get the hammer.
Leonard: Got it.
Penny: Okay, Leonard, let’s go.
Leonard: Just hang on.
Dr Lorvis: Well, while we wait, would you like to see Tobey Maguire’s prostate sonogram?
Amy: Sure.
Penny: Yeah.
Dr Lorvis: Oh, spoiler alert. He was worried about nothing.
 								
			
				Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: Oh, hey, oh, we ran into your mom at Benihana last night.
Howard: Oh, yeah, she loves that place. Every time they flip a shrimp in the air, she practically leaps out of her seat to catch it. That’s why I don’t take her to SeaWorld.
Leonard: I know you-you don’t want to hear it, but she was there with Stuart.
Howard: That’s fine. I don’t care.
Rajj: It doesn’t bug you when they go out on dates?
Howard: They’re not dating. They’re just two friends who went out to dinner.
Raj: And then went back to the home they share where they probably fell asleep in the matching pajamas she got them because they both just love penguins.
Howard: Hey, lots of people wear matching pajamas who aren’t dating.
Raj: Like who?
Howard: Like you and your dog.
Leonard: Don’t rule out the dating.
Howard: Fine, it bothers me. You happy?
Sheldon: You think you’ve got problems. The gibbon is the only member of the ape family not classified as a great ape.
Howard: How is this helpful?
Sheldon: All the non-human apes are classified as great apes except one. That means taxonomists created the entire category of lesser ape just to single out the poor gibbon as the weird kid on the playground. Now there’s a hairy little fellow with a genuine beef.
Leonard: But the gibbon doesn’t know what it’s categorized as. It doesn’t even know it’s called a gibbon.
Sheldon: True. Sorry, kid, you’ve got it worse than a gibbon.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Penny’s Apartment. 
Amy: Hi.
Penny: Hey.
Bernadette: We brought snacks for movie night.
Penny: Oh, great. I don’t suppose you also brought napkins, clean bowls, utensils and a roll of toilet paper.
Bernadette: Right here.
Penny: Ah, You guys are the best.
Amy: What’s with the clothes?
Penny: Well, with all the new stuff I bought for work, I needed to make room in my closet.
Amy: I meant why are they folded? But whatever. Ooh, what’s this?
Penny: That, believe it or not, is my prom dress.
Bernadette: Wow, you still have it? I just assumed it was balled up in the corner of a barn somewhere.
Penny: What kind of teenager did you think I was?
Bernadette: Slutty.
Amy: Easy.
Penny: The word is popular.
Bernadette: How was your prom? Did you go?
Amy: No, but I was on clean-up crew.
Penny: Aw, that’s sad.
Amy: No, it was okay. The DJ let me dance one slow song with my mop before he shut down. Whenever I see a bucket of dirty water, I still hear Lady in Red.
Bernadette: My prom was pretty terrible, too. I was so excited about my date, but it turned out he only asked me ’cause he liked my friend. He spent the whole night talking about her.
Amy: Okay, we get it, you had a friend and a date. Stop bragging.
Penny: Doesn’t matter. Prom is silly anyways.
Bernadette: Easy for you to say; you probably went with the captain of the football team.
Penny: No. I just made out with him a little while his date was puking.
Amy: My date would’ve had to clean that up.
Bernadette: Ooh, I have an idea. Maybe we can have, like, a prom do-over.
Amy: Oh, that would be so much fun. We could decorate the roof and make the guys wear tuxedos.
Bernadette: Ooh, and get our hair done, and slow-dance.
Penny: Okay, guys, trust me, as someone who’s been to, like, seven proms, it is never as good as you want it to be.
Amy: You went to seven proms?
Penny: Yeah, let’s see. Uh, four Under the Seas, two Enchanted Evenings, and one Night to Remember that I cannot remember for the life of me.
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: Hey.
Raj: Hey.
Leonard: Hey, where’s Bernadette?
Howard: She and Amy are out dress shopping for their prom thing.
Raj: Oh, yeah, I got that Evite. Ever since I saw Pretty in Pink, I’ve wanted to go to an American prom. But then I saw Carrie, and I did not want to go to an American prom. But then I saw Never Been Kissed, and I’m back on the prom bandwagon. This prom thing’s been a real roller coaster.
Howard: Bernie’s really excited. I could tell because her voice got so high, the beagle next door started howling.
Raj: Did you go to your prom?
Sheldon: No. I had a date with a proper education. Instead of a tuxedo, I dressed myself in good habits. Instead of spiked punch, I enjoyed the intoxicating flavour of knowledge. Instead of dancing in a gym, I shook my bootyto the seductive rhythms…
Penny: Okay, okay.
Shldon: …of AP Calculus.
Raj: How come you’re not shopping with Amy and Bernadette?
Leonard: Let me guess, you think the whole idea is lame?
Penny: Well, who cares what I think? What do you think?
Leonard: Hmm, to be honest, it’s kind of a dream come true to go to even a fake prom with a woman as beautiful as you.
Penny: Ugh, thanks a lot.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Well, now I can’t blow this thing off without being a bitch.
Raj: That sounds like a yes.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Bernadette: Ooh, every single person RSVP’d yes. This is so exciting. Isn’t this exciting?
Howard: Yep.
Bernadette: Look, even Stuart’s bringing a date. I wonder who it is.
Howard: You know exactly who it is. He’s gonna bring my mom. Why did you even invite him?
Bernadette: Because he’s our friend, and you two need to get along. And why can’t he take your mom? You took her to your prom.
Howard: I didn’t take her, she was a chaperone.
Bernadette: I saw a picture of you two dancing together.
Howard: What was I gonna do? They were playing our song. I can’t take this anymore.
Stuart (on phone): Hello.
Howard: Stuart, we have to talk. This thing with you and my mom, I hate it. It’s making me crazy. You and I were friends for years, and now you’re bringing my mother to a party I’m going to? What the hell?
Stuart: I’m not bringing your mother, I have a date.
Howard: Oh, so now you’re cheating on my mother?
Stuart: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What are you talking about? There’s nothing weird going on with me and your mother.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Stewie, your bath is getting cold!
Stuart: I got to go, bye.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
Penny: You knocked more than usual.
Sheldon: Next time I might be in a rush, it’s good to have a few in the bank.
Penny: Okay, what’s up?
Sheldon: I’d like to discuss this party that Amy and Bernadette are throwing. Since you and I are both reluctant to go, I think I’ve come up with a perfect way for us to enjoy it.
Penny: Great, how?
Sheldon: We pretend we’re aliens. I’m not the best at reading facial cues, but I’m gonna say that you love it and want to hear more. Now, in the beloved novel Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, an alien named Ford Prefect pretended to be human in order to blend in so that he could write an entry about Earth for The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, which is a travel book within the actual book, which is also called The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy.
Penny: Okay, just one question. What?
Sheldon: My point is, pretending to be an alien is a valuable coping mechanism I’ve used many times. I did it the first time I went to see you in a play. You had no idea Commander Umfrumf of Ceti Alpha Three was in the audience. Oh, don’t worry, he gave you seven thumbs up.
Penny: Here’s a question, as an alien pretending to be human, are you planning to engage in any post-prom mating rituals with Amy?
Sheldon: There are post-prom mating rituals?
Penny: Not always. Unless your date drives a van with an air mattress, then always.
Sheldon: Well, if it’s part of the prom experience, then I’m open to it.
Penny: You’re kidding.
Sheldon: I may be an alien, but I have urges. If Amy wants to copulate by firing her eggs into space, well, then, I will happily catch them with the reproductive sac on my upper flermin. I’m not the best at reading facial cues, but I can see that you’re a little turned on.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: You know, if you’re not gonna learn how to do this, they make some pretty good clip-ons.
Sheldon: Bruce Wayne doesn’t wear a clip-on.
Leonard: Bruce Wayne doesn’t make his roommate tie it for him.
Sheldon: His name is Alfred, and, yes, he does.
Leonard: There, perfect.
Sheldon: What, are you sure? It’s my first prom, I want to do it correctly.
Leonard: I thought you were gonna pretend to be an alien.
Sheldon: I was, but Penny didn’t want to. You didn’t want to. Bernadette, Amy, Koothrappali and Wolowitz didn’t want to. And even I knew it was weird to hire somebody.
Leonard: Was that a flask?
Sheldon: Yes. I’ve decided to embrace all of the traditions associated with prom, including spiking the punch.
Leonard: You’re gonna put alcohol in the punch?
Sheldon: Oh, no, this is pomegranate juice. It’s all the fun of high school high jinks with the cell-protecting zip of antioxidants.
Leonard: If you had ripped jeans and a leather jacket, you’d be like the toughest kid on the Disney Channel. So, anything else planned for tonight?
Sheldon: Oh, everything. Getting our picture taken, slow-dancing, being elected prom king. Pointing out that kings aren’t elected. It’s gonna be off the hook.
Leonard: And while you’re at it, I know that at this age your hormones are raging, but just because all your friends are having sex doesn’t mean you have to.
Sheldon: Why would you say that?
Leonard: You know, ’cause, ’cause a lot of people lose their virginity on prom night.
Sheldon: Penny implied the same thing. Is this true?
Leonard: Just relax, it’s a joke. You don’t have hormones.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Leonard: Wow, you look amazing.
Penny: Thank you, so do you.
Amy: Sheldon, you look so handsome.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Penny: Sheldon, doesn’t Amy look hot? That’s got to put some starch in the upper flermin.
Amy: What’s that?
Leonard: Oh, it’s a scaly genital organ that grows between his shoulder blades. Try not to touch it when you’re dancing.
Sheldon: Excuse me.
Amy: Where are you going?
Sheldon: I can’t do this. And for your information, Leonard, the upper flermin doesn’t grow between my shoulder blades, it grows out of the belly button on my neck.
Leonard: He’s right, I was thinking of the lower flermin.
Scene: A limo.
Raj: Ooh, I’ll, uh, text Stuart, let him know we’re close.
Bernadette: That’s a neat tattoo.
Emily: Oh, thanks, it’s Sally from Nightmare before Christmas.
Bernadette: Aw, that movie’s so cute.
Howard: Do you like her because you both have red hair?
Emily: Uh, a little, but more that she’s covered in scars and can pull her own limbs off and sew them back on.
Bernadette: I like Cinderella.
Emily: Did you know, in the original book, the sisters cut off their toes with knives in order to fit in the glass slipper?
Bernadette: I like Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo.
Raj: Hey, here comes Stuart and his date.
Emily: Oh, she’s cute.
Howard: Oh, my God.
Bernadette: What?
Howard: That’s Jeanie.
Bernadette: That’s Jeanie?
Emily: Who’s Jeanie?
Howard: Don’t say it.
Raj: That’s Howard’s cousin that he had sex with.
Howard: She is my second cousin. We were 15, I just said, don’t say it.
Emily: No, it’s okay. He told me that story a long time ago.
Howard: Raj.
Raj: It was our first date, there was an awkward silence. What was I supposed to say?
Scene: The rooftop. 
Penny: Oh, it’s beautiful.
Leonard: Oh, the girls really did a nice job.
Penny: Aw, I know I wasn’t into this before, but I’m so glad I get to take you to your first prom.
Leonard: What makes you think I didn’t go to my prom? I went.
Penny: Well, who’d you go with?
Leonard: I took a little lady I like to call loneliness.
Penny: Aw.
Leonard: Oh, it’s all right. We ended up having a threesome with her friend humiliation, so…
Penny: Well, if I would have been there and saw you alone, I would’ve asked you to dance.
Leonard: No, you wouldn’t have.
Penny: Well, you don’t know that.
Leonard: It was before my growth spurt.
Penny: What, that already happened?
Leonard: Very funny.
Penny: Well, you wouldn’t have asked me either.
Leonard: I would have asked you. In my head. On the way home. While I was having a good cry.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Amy: Sheldon, can I come in?
Sheldon: I don’t think that’s a good idea.
Amy: Why not?
Sheldon: According to an online message board, I may be having a panic attack. SoccerMom09 had similar symptoms. But to be fair, the twins were a real handful that day.
Amy: You’re making me worry. What’s going on?
Sheldon: What’s going on is we’re about to go to a prom. And there’s a great deal of pressure on young couples like us to engage in what Mr. Bob Eubanks called making whoopee.
Amy: What pressure? All I said was you look handsome. Can you please open the door?
Sheldon: It’s not just that. Leonard and Penny also made comments about it. And I’m not blind. Even I looked twice when I saw my posterior in these tuxedo pants.
Sceme: The limo.
Stuart: So, I met Jeanie at your Aunt Gladys’. She passed me the Manischewitz, I took one look at this punim, and I almost plotzed on the kugel.
Rajj: Is this what I sound like when I talk about India?
Howard: So, my mother’s okay with this?
Jeannie: Why would your mother have a problem with me and Stuart?
Howard: ‘Cause they have a weird, inappropriate relationship.
Jeannie: Weirder than what you and I did in my dad’s Corolla?
Raj: This is so messed up.
Emily: I know, I’m having the best time.
Howard: Why would you even come to this? Didn’t you know I’d be here?
Jeannie: It was a long time ago, Howard.
Stuart: And you’re only second cousins, who cares?
Bernadette: So, you knew and you brought her anyway?
Stuart: Oh, so she’s good enough for Howard, but not for me?
Howard: Yeah.
Bernadette: Yeah, go have weird relationships with your own mother and cousin. This is his turf.
Howard: Yeah.
Scene: The rooftop.
Penny: Well, I might not have asked you to dance then, but I will ask you now.
Leonard: There’s no music.
Penny: I don’t care. We’ll make our own music.
Leonard: My God, who’s the dork now? Thank you for wearing your flats.
Penny: Thank you for wearing your heels.
Leonard: Look at me. Dancing with the prettiest girl at the prom.
Penny: Want to take a picture of us and send it to your old friends in the chess club?
Leonard: I sent them a bikini shot of you years ago. This is nice. I kind of wish no one else was coming.
Penny: I know, me, too. But it will be fun to have a prom without all the drama.
Scene: The limo.
Bernadette: Howie, get off of him.
Howard: Not until he stops humping his way up my family tree.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedrooom.
Amy: Sheldon, this is silly. I’m not missing another prom. I’m going upstairs now. Good-bye.
Sheldon: I really did think you looked pretty.
Amy: You did?
Sheldon: Yes. So much so that I started to panic.
Amy: Well, you can relax. Just because you think I look pretty doesn’t mean we have to spend the night together.
Sheldon: Were you hoping we would because it’s prom?
Amy: I’m always hoping. But tonight I just wanted to have a nice time with you. And maybe dance with someone who has arms.
Sheldon: Thank you for understanding.
Amy: Of course I understand. Sheldon, there’s something else I’ve been wanting to say, but before I do, I just, I want you to know that you don’t have to say it back. I know you’re not ready, and I don’t want you to say it just because social convention dictates…
Sheldon: I love you, too.
Amy: You said it.
Sheldon: There’s no denying I have feelings for you that can’t be explained in any other way. I briefly considered that I had a brain parasite. But that seems even more farfetched. The only conclusion was love. I know what’s happening. This is a panic attack. SoccerMom09 says to lie down with your feet elevated.
Amy: Okay.
Sheldon: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Just because I love you doesn’t mean girls are allowed in my room.
Scene: The rooftop.
Raj: Okay. Here we go, say cheese. Iskip) Say cheese. Iskip) Say cousin. Iskip) Say…
Stuart: Oh, sorry. Hang on, sorry. (On phone) Hey, Debbie. I, yeah, yeah, I’m here with Jeanie. Okay, but we’re just friends. It’s, yeah. I got to go.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment. 
Amy: This is an easy one. You love this guy.
Sheldon: Me.
Amy: Come on, he’s an under-appreciated genius.
Sheldon: Still think it’s me.
Amy: It’s not you. Now think, there’s a car named after him.
Sheldon: Of course there is. The Mini Cooper, ’cause it’s me.
Amy: How about this, he’s a poor man’s Sheldon Cooper.
Sheldon: Oh, Tesla.
Penny: Hi.
Amy: Hello.
Sheldon: Hey, how did it go?
Leonard: Oh, not fun. The doctor shoved a camera up into my sinuses.
Penny: Yeah, I watched. It was like the scary boat tunnel in Willy Wonka.
Amy: Did they figure out what’s wrong?
Leonard: Yeah. It’s a deviated septum. The surgery to correct it is simple. He’s gonna do it next week.
Sheldon: Why would you have surgery?
Leonard: Because I can’t breathe. I snore, I get sinus infections.
Penny: Yeah, back off, he’s all mine.
Sheldon: But you don’t have a life-threatening condition. Why would you take the risk of surgery?
Amy: Sheldon, it’s a routine procedure, I’ve heard you complain about his snoring.
Sheldon: Yes, for the first five or six years, but I’ve gotten used to it. It helps me sleep. He’s like my mucus-powered white noise machine.
Leonard: Sheldon, I’m gonna get the surgery, it’s no big deal. End of story.
Sheldon: Very well. I’m done talking about it.
Leonard: Thank you.
Sheldon: I believe it was your turn in the game.
Amy: Okay.
Sheldon: Let’s see. Oh, this person is most famous for never having gotten his nose mutilated with elective surgery and never living the rest of his life in the shadows as a hideous, disfigured freak.
Leonard: I think you could give a better clue.
Sheldon: I don’t. I’m not even sure if that’s a person or a typo.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom. 
Leonard: Okay, why?
Sheldon: I’m listening to you snore. I’m wondering how I’ll ever sleep without it.
Leonard: If it helps you sleep, then why are you sitting here staring at me like the albino boogeyman?
Sheldon: Really Leonard. Insults? After I spent two hours in your closet, waiting for you to fall asleep?
Leonard: What’s your problem?
Sheldon: If the surgery is successful, the snoring is gone. And if you die during surgery, the snoring is gone.
Leonard: It sounds like either way, I finally get some rest.
Sheldon: I have to be honest with you Leonard, I’m truly worried.
Leonard: I told you, there’s nothing to worry about.
Sheldon: Well, I’ve been doing some research and I’ve learned that one in 700,000 people die from general anaesthesia.
Leonard: Buddy, wh, do you realize that that also means 699,999 people don’t die?
Sheldon: I suppose that’s true. You’re such a glass half-full kind of guy. I’m going to miss that.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Raj: Oh, so, my, uh, parents’ 40th anniversary’s coming up and I can’t think of a thing to get them.
Howard: Damn, can you imagine being married to someone for 40 years?
Bernadette: Not anymore.
Raj: Anyway, any ideas on a gift?
Bernadette: Well, what are some of the things they like?
Raj: They used to like going to the Mumbai Symphony, but last year my mom thought they were phoning it in. Then my dad said based on their love life, she should know about phoning it in.
Bernadette: He said that to her?
Raj: Well, they weren’t speaking at the time, so he had a servant say it to her. Oh, maybe I could make a gift for them. I know how much you guys love the coasters I made for you.
Bernadette: They’re yours in the divorce.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Hey. What’re you working on?
Sheldon: Remember when I said if you went through with your surgery, there was a one-in-700,000 chance of dying?
Leonard: Yeah?
Sheldon: Well, I’ve been crunching the numbers, and so far, I’ve gotten your probability of death all the way to a sphincter-tightening one in 300.
Leonard: Great timing. My check sphincter light just went on.
Sheldon: Leonard, what if you have an allergic reaction to the surgeon’s latex gloves?
Leonard: I’m not allergic to latex.
Sheldon: Well, then why don’t you wear the rubber gloves I bought for you to do the dishes?
Leonard: For the same reason I don’t wear the apron or the hair net.
Sheldon: Fine. What about epilepsy?
Leonard: I don’t have epilepsy, either.
Sheldon: You don’t, but the surgeon might, hmm? And your carotid artery is just one shaky scalpel away from becoming the dancing fountain at Disneyland.
Leonard: Sheldon, do you realize that driving is riskier than surgery?
Sheldon: I do. I have the drive to the hospital right here. That is if you make it to the car without falling down the stairs. And don’t expect me to carry you, I do that enough in life.
Leonard: Buddy, I, I get that you’re worried about me and I, I appreciate that, but I’m not going to die.
Sheldon: You don’t know that.
Leonard: Well, I do know that it won’t be from an asteroid strike.
Sheldon: You know who else said that? Every cocky T. Rex currently swimming around in the gas tank of your car.
Leonard: If there was an asteroid strike, wouldn’t you die, too?
Sheldon: I don’t know, I’m smart and scrappy, I think I’d find a way.
Leonard: Tell you what, the surgery’s not for a week, I’ll think about it.
Sheldon: Thank you. And while you’re thinking about it, if you have the surgery in Nicaragua during monsoon season, I can practically guarantee your death.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj (on phone): Yes. Okay. I, I understand. Of course, yes. I’ll call you tomorrow. Bye.
Howard: So I found this fencing school in Burbank that has a Jedi class. And if you’re cool being the only adults there, they said they are.
Raj: Dude, my parents just split up.
Howard: What?
Raj: Uh, that was my dad on the phone. He moved out.
Howard: Oh, my God, I, I’m sorry. I mean, if you’re not up to it, we don’t have to go out, we can just hang here.
Raj: No, it’s fine. It’s not that big a deal. As long as they’re happy, I’m happy. And when I get to see them for the holidays, I’ll get to celebrate Diwali twice, one at each house. That’s double the Diwali.
Howard: You sure you’re okay?
Raj: I’m okay.
Howard: You don’t look okay.
Raj: How can I be okay? I come from a broken home.
Scene: A waiting room.
Leonard: The doctor said I should be out of surgery by ten.
Penny: Okay. And Sheldon really believes we’re at a public swimming pool?
Leonard: He was so busy figuring out how many parts per million of urine we’d be floating around in, he didn’t even question it.
Scene: Amy’s car.
Sheldon: 18 parts per million. And he’s still doing it.
Amy: Don’t worry about that. I’m happy to take you to work.
Sheldon: Well, thank you. And Leonard never lets me have French toast sticks in the car. I can’t have syrupy fingers, but he can do the backstroke in a toilet bowl.
Amy: It’s nice they’re getting exercise.
Sheldon: Although now that I think about it, Leonard would never go swimming in public without his swim shirt.
Amy: I’m sure he brought it.
Sheldon: No, but last year, at Magic Mountain, he got such a bad sunburn, we had to cut him out of it.
Amy: He probably got a new one. Finish your breakfast. Look, there’s an entire section of my dashboard that doesn’t have any syrup on it.
Sheldon: You’re acting odd. Why?
Amy: I’m odd all the time, everyone knows that. Just last night I tried to see how many fava beans I could fit in my mouth.
Sheldon: Tell me the truth.
Amy: Twenty eight.
Sheldon: Come on.
Amy: Fifty six.
Sheldon: Amy. What’s going on?
Amy: All right. Don’t get upset, but, an earlier appointment opened up for Leonard and he’s getting the surgery right now.
Sheldon: I see. Take me to Leonard.
Amy: Just go to work, he’ll be fine.
Sheldon: Amy, he’s my best friend, and if you don’t take me, I’m going there anyway.
Amy: Fine. It’s sweet that you care about him so much.
Sheldon: I do. And I wouldn’t be able to forgive myself if something happened to him and I wasn’t at his bedside to say I told you so.
Scene: The waiting room. 
Sheldon: Hello.
Penny: We had a really nice swim.
Sheldon: Oh, stop it. I assume this medical centre’s already treated the burns on your bottom from the recent pants fire.
Penny: ‘Cause I’m a liar, liar?
Sheldon: That’s for the fire marshal to determine.
Penny: You had to tell him?
Amy: He wore me down. And I was distracted, he has on extra baby powder today.
Sheldon: Is he okay?
Penny: He’s still in surgery.
Sheldon: Very well.
Penny: He’s gonna be all right. That is sticky.
Amy: Come on, let’s talk about something other than the surgery.
Sheldon: That’s a good idea. Penny, did you and Leonard ever discuss funeral arrangements?
Penny: I think she meant something a little happier.
Sheldon: I suppose we could try to make it a celebration, but he died so young.
Scene: Raj’s office.
Howard: Knock, knock.
Bernadette: Hi.
Raj: Hey. What brings you by?
Bernadette: Oh, muffin much.
Howard: Told you, not funny.
Bernadette: He’s just not laughing because he’s feeling blueberry. Tough crowd.
Raj: I’m sorry. This is very sweet. Thanks.
Howard: So, how you doing?
Raj: Better. I guess the news just hit me a lot harder than I expected.
Bernadette: Well, of course. I would be devastated if my parents split up.
Howard: Why? Your father barely speaks to your mother.
Bernadette: Well, at least he stuck around, not like your dad, who just took off.
Howard: As you can see, we’re here to cheer you up.
Bernadette: Sorry, Raj. Do you have any sense of what happened with your folks?
Raj: I think, over time, they started to resent each other, and instead of talking about the things that bothered them, they kept it bottled up, and the hate just grew.
Bernadette: It’s a shame they spent all that time unhappy. But sometimes, there’s muffin you can do about it. You get it, right?
Scene: The waiting room.
Penny: Oh, it’s nice you got him that.
Sheldon: Oh, this isn’t for Leonard, no. Amy bought it for me.
Amy: Stubbed his toe on the revolving door on the way in.
Sheldon: You know those confounded things make me dizzy.
Amy: Who told you to keep going around?
Sheldon: There was a large plant in the lobby. It kept looking like the outside.
Penny: Okay, listen, when Leonard comes out, he is not gonna feel great, so, please don’t give him a hard time.
Amy: Penny has a good point. This is like the man in the supermarket with the goiter on his neck. Whatever you’re thinking, just keep it to yourself.
Sheldon: It was like a grapefruit.
Amy: And I’m sure he knew that before you held a grapefruit up next to it.
Sheldon: Well, I’m not making any promises. Not only did Leonard take what I feel is an unnecessary risk, he deceived me.
Penny: Okay, the reason he deceived you is you were being a pain in the ass.
Sheldon: The reason I was being a pain in the B is because I was worried about him, and no one else was.
Penny: Really? You won’t even say A?
Sheldon: You bet your sweet B I won’t.
Penny: Obviously, I care about Leonard. I’m gonna spend the rest of my life with him.
Sheldon: And I’m not? It’s an earthquake. I knew it.
Penny: Sheldon, it was just a little tremor.
Sheldon: A little tremor that turns routine sinus surgery into a frontal lobotomy. Oh, I don’t care for this at all. Oh, I need to see he’s okay.
Amy: Sheldon, you can’t go back there.
Sheldon: Try and stop me.
Amy: Are you okay?
Sheldon: Why didn’t you stop me?
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment. 
Bernadette: Can I tell you something? This whole thing with Raj’s parents just got me a little worried about us.
Howard: What are you talking about? We’re fine. And Raj’s parents probably split up because of Raj.
Bernadette: What?
Howard: They always say the children aren’t to blame, but, come on.
Bernadette: I’m not joking, Howie. You heard what he said about his parents. It was the little things they kept bottled up. I don’t want that to happen to us.
Howard: How can I convince you it won’t?
Bernadette: Well, is there anything about me you’re keeping inside?
Howard: I’m not answering that. It’s a trap.
Bernadette: So there are things you don’t like.
Howard: And here I am in the trap. You just keep talking. I’m gonna chew my leg off.
Bernadette: Just tell me one thing that bothers you, and I promise I won’t get mad.
Howard: Okay. The truth is, sometimes, you’re too beautiful.
Bernadette: Oh. Howie, be serious.
Howard: Okay, okay. I really don’t like how your wings poke me when we sleep ’cause you’re an angel.
Bernadette: Okay, fine, maybe it was a bad idea.
Howard: I just don’t think the secret to a happy marriage is going out of our way to criticize each other. Although, there are ways to improve our communication. One thing I learned when I was in couples therapy was…
Bernadette: Who were you in couples therapy with?
Howard: Not important.
Bernadette: Was it your mom?
Howard: Not important.
Bernadette: It was your mom.
Howard: Anyway, the therapist had us tell each other what we loved about one another.
Bernadette: Oh, that’s so sweet. I want to do that.
Howard: All right.
Bernadette: Okay, um, I love that you make me laugh.
Howard: Thank you. And I love that you’re strong and independent.
Bernadette: And yet, I still love when you hold a door for me.
Howard: I love that I’m kind of a slob around here, and you’re okay with that.
Bernadette: Uh-huh. And I love that I work and do all the cleaning, and you’re okay with that.
Howard: See, I am. Isn’t this great?
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Come on, smile. This is gonna be my Christmas card.
Sheldon: You know this is all your fault.
Leonard: How is it my fault?
Sheldon: I told you not to get the surgery.
Leonard: Okay, first of all, the surgery was a success, and secondly, I didn’t even want you there.
Sheldon: Wow. I don’t know which hurts worse, my nose or my heart. Well, I’m done speaking to you.
Amy: Don’t be like that. You two need to talk this out.
Penny: Yeah, ’cause you sound really funny.
Leonard: Sheldon, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you about the surgery, but you were worried about nothing.
Sheldon: Oh, you’re hardly out of the woods, no. You still run the risk of infection, a blood clot, the possibility that an inattentive surgeon let a barn spider lay eggs in your nose. The minute you sneeze web, I’m moving out.
Leonard: I never thought I’d say these words, but come on, nose spider.
Penny: Who are you kidding? You were so panicked Leonard was gonna die, you’ll never leave him.
Amy: Sheldon will move out eventually.
Penny: Yeah, once he figures out how to work a door.
Sheldon: I was not panicked, and I am not overly attached to Leonard.
Leonard: You were so worried that you smashed your face trying to check on me. You love me.
Sheldon: Yeah. Tell me those aren’t the words of a man with a spider eating its way through his brain. Amy, you’re a neuroscientist. Crack his skull open, spray some Raid in there.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Bernadette: I love that you take pride in your looks, even when I have to pee in the morning, and you’re in there spending an hour on your hair.
Howard: I love that you’re too good to pee in the kitchen sink.
Bernadette: I love that you have the confidence to speak, even without giving it an ounce of thought.
Howard: And I love how your hair is always on the soap. It’s like washing myself with a hamster.
Raj: Hey, guys. Sorry I am so late. I was on the phone with my mother.
Bernadette: Oh, how is she?
Raj: Pretty good. She bought the book Eat, Pray, Love and used it to set my father’s Mercedes on fire. So, what’s up with you guys?
Howard: We’re just saying all the things we love about each other.
Raj: Oh, like you and I did at couples therapy.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Oh, what’d you get?
Sheldon: Oh, I ordered it before your surgery. It’s the urn I was going to put you in.
Penny: Okay, that’s morbid. Send it back.
Sheldon: I can’t send it back, I had it engraved. Here lie the ashes of Leonard Hofstadter. He thought he was right, but his room mate knew better.”
Leonard: That’s funny. Boy, I’m gonna miss these painkillers.
Penny: Hey, why did you get two? I’m with stupid.
Sheldon: Oh, that one’s mine.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hello. I’m Doctor Sheldon Cooper, and welcome to Sheldon Cooper presents Fun with Flags, the final episode flagtacular. I knew it was coming. Still scary. Now, I’m sure you’re thinking, the final episode? Who will stand between us and flag ignorance?
Amy: I know I was thinking that. Is this a show on flags or mind reading?
Sheldon: But the truth is I can no longer balance a full-time career, a popular Internet show, and a girlfriend.
Amy: And he really does have one, you jerks on the comment board.
Sheldon: So as they say, all good things must come to an end.
Amy: After only 232 episodes.
Sheldon: 233 if we include the one somebody forgot to press record on.
Amy: You said you weren’t gonna bring that up.
Sheldon: And you said you pressed record. Anyway, please sit back, relax, and join us as we take our final lap, as indicated by the waving of this racing flag. And, of course, white flags can also represent surrender, the Stewards of Gondor, and the Japanese Minamoto clan, but I’m sure you remember that from episode sixty-two, White Flags, Who’s Wavin’ ‘Em and Why?
Amy: That was a good one.
Sheldon: It was so good.
Credits sequence. 
Scene: An office at the university.
Raj: You know, I thought cleaning out a dead professor’s office was gonna just be boring, but then I found his dentures and realized it’s also gross.
Howard: Doesn’t Professor Abbott’s family want any of this stuff?
Leonard: I don’t think he had a family.
Raj: That’s rough.
Leonard: I know. You can spend your whole life working, and at the end all that’s left are some papers in a box.
Howard: Makes you think. Oh, well.
Leonard: Hey. Hey, we’re supposed to look through all this stuff before we throw it away in case it’s important.
Howard: I did. It’s all outdated or disproved.
Raj: I don’t know. This old pen kind of proves gravity. When I tilt it, her bathing suit falls right off.
Howard: Oh, my dad used to have a pen like that. I dated it all through sixth grade.
Leonard: It still feels weird just throwing away his work like this.
Howard: Don’t feel bad. Someday someone will be throwing out your work, too.
Leonard: That someone was Sheldon, and the day was yesterday. Hey, look at this. Dear Roger, to be opened upon your first great discovery. Love, Mom. Wow, look at the date. He saved this fifty years and never got to open it.
Howard: That’s intense.
Raj: Poor Roger Abbott.
Howard: Roger Abbott sounds just like Roger Rabbit.
Raj: Roger Abbott, Roger Abbott, Roger Abbott. Oh, my God, Leonard, I know he’s dead, but try it. It’s fun. Roger Abbott, Roger Abbott.
Scene: A hotel conference room.
Dan: Penny. Oh, my rookie of the year.
Penny: Oh, Dan. My boss who didn’t want to hire me and now’s a little hug machine.
Dan: Oh, look at you. Brand-new and already the third best sales rep.
Penny: Aw.
Dan: Yes. Why don’t you come over to my table.
Penny: I’ll be right there. Bernadette’s just parking the car.
Dan: Oh, good. Bernadette. Cute, sweet, vicious little Bernadette.
Penny: Come on. She’s not that bad.
Dan: Oh, yeah? At the company picnic she yelled at me and my grandson for losing the three-legged race. I mean, he still calls her that mean kid with the big boobies.
Penny: I know she can be a little intense, but, I swear, she is so sweet once you get past all the…
Bernadette: Hey, what are you talking about?
Penny: Oh. We were just talking about how much we love working with you. Isn’t that right? Dan?
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: Over the years here at Fun With Flags, we’ve had an opportunity to learn, laugh, wonder.
Amy: And, yes, even shed a tear or two.
Sheldon: Like when you do a two-hour Fourth of July spectacular and it doesn’t get recorded.
Amy: How many times do I have to say I’m sorry?
Sheldon: How about four thousand. One for every domino I set up to make that American flag. Please enjoy these highlights.
Highlight 1
Sheldon: Crikey, what flag do we have today?
Amy: Australia, mate.
Highlight 2
Sheldon: And now it’s time for the speed round of Flag or Not a Flag.
Kripke: Fwag, fwag, not a fwag, fwag, I am cwushing this.
Highlight 3
Amy: Say, Betsy Ross, what you working on?
Sheldon: I have no idea. Because the story of me sewing the first American flag is unsupported poppycock.
Amy: Then who did sew it, hmm?
Sheldon: Don’t ask me. I’m just a simple seamstress whose descendants are out to make a quick buck.
Highlight 4
Sheldon: Fancy a dip, my dear?
Amy: I do.
Sheldon: Wait, that purple flag indicates that marine pests, such as jellyfish, are present.
Amy: Wow, that flag is a lifesaver.
Sheldon: No. This is. Stop looking at my legs.
Highlight 5
Kripke: Not a fwag, fwag, fwag, not a fwag. Fwag. Ugh cwap.
Scene: The office.
Raj: When stuff like this gets me down, you know what I like to do?
Howard: Sing Hakuna Matata like an eight-year-old girl?
Raj: Wrong, smarty-pants. It’s Everything Is Awesome from The Lego Movie.
Leonard: Look at these notebooks. They’re full of pages and pages of data. He clearly spent years on this.
Howard: Mmm. It’s just columns of random numbers. Toss it.
Leonard: Well, but what if this was a potential breakthrough for him? What if, what if this is the thing that would’ve finally let him open that bottle of champagne?
Raj: Maybe he didn’t know what to pair champagne with. Strawberries, caviar, oysters. All good choices. Yeah, that look right there is why people eat before they come to your parties.
Leonard: This has to mean something.
Howard: Well, there’s no discernible pattern that I can see, but it shouldn’t be too hard to run the numbers and check.
Leonard: Well, maybe we can get some time on the supercomputer.
Howard: Sure. We could try multiple regressions with varying physical and experimental constants.
Leonard: Oh, we could run a pattern-matching algorithm against well-known unsolved physics problems.
Howard: Ooh, it might be a substitution cipher. We could start with basic cryptanalysis.
Raj: Or we could talk to this guy he used to share an office with.
Howard: Oh, let’s do that.
Leonard: Because you don’t know how to do cryptanalysis, do you?
Howard: Yeah, I’m not even sure if it’s the right word.
Scene: The conference room. 
Penny: So, Dan, you have a grandson. How old is he?
Dan: Seven.
Bernadette: Oh, yeah. I remember him from the picnic. He was the one crying like a wuss the whole time.
Penny: I heard he was being picked on by a mean kid.
Bernadette: Just builds character. Like my dad said, nobody likes a crybaby except their mommies and Democrats.”
Dan: I need another drink.
Bernadette: What’s his problem?
Penny: Oh, I don’t know. Maybe he didn’t like the fact that you called his grandson a wuss.
Bernadette: Well, I didn’t think you were supposed to say sissy anymore.
Penny: Okay, look, I know what a good person you are, but sometimes people think you might come off a little harsh.
Bernadette: What? I’m, like, the sweetest person I know. Look at me. I should be in a tree baking cookies.
Penny: Yes, but once in a while, people think you’re a little mean.
Bernadette: Oh, yeah? You one of those people?
Penny: No. No, no, no. I think the cookie thing.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Action.
Sheldon: Welcome back. Our guest today is a returning fan favourite. He puts the reading in your rainbow, the Geordi in your La Forge, and the Kunta in your Kinte, Mr. LeVar Burton.
LeVar Burton: Thank you, Sheldon. Now, remember our deal.
Sheldon: You do this, I delete your contact information.
LeVar: While?
Sheldon: While you watch me do it.
LeVar: Great. Happy to be back.
Sheldon: Well, since you’re here, I’d like to get your opinion on something. In honour of Black History Month, I portrayed George Washington Carver in a loving tribute that my roommate called wildly racist. What do you think? (On recording) Hi. My name is George.
LeVar: Oh, hell, no.
Sheldon: You heard him, Leonard. No, it’s not racist.
Scene: An apartment building.
Howard: Are we sure this is the place?
Raj: The doorman said this is the right building.
Leonard: I think if you’re pulling up your pants, you’re not a doorman. (Knocks)
Man (off): Who is it?
Leonard: Uh, I’ve been looking for a Professor Sharpe?
Prof Sharpe: Hold on. Can I help you?
Leonard: Hi. We’re from the university. We’re trying to get some information about Professor Abbott.
Howard: We were cleaning out his office and found these books full of numbers.
Leonard: Any chance you know what it is?
Prof Sharpe: Yes, he was always working on this.
Raj: I was thinking it might be some sort of interstellar coordinate system, maybe an updated version of Hubble’s law. I keep seeing the number 90 repeating. That could be the angle of perturbation of a distant galaxy.
Prof Sharpe: It’s the number of calories in a yoghurt. That’s his food diary.
Leonard: Really?
Prof Sharpe: Yeah, he wrote down everything he ever ate. He was convinced that calorie restriction was the key to living forever.
Raj: Does it work?
Howard: Seriously?
Raj: Well, he could have been hit by a bus. You don’t know.
Prof Sharpe: Sorry it’s not more interesting. On the bright side, you didn’t have to listen to his stomach growl for 35 years.
Leonard: So, was there anything that Professor Abbott worked on during his life that came close to an accomplishment?
Prof Sharpe: To be honest, his research never amounted to anything.
Raj: You were his colleague. How did your research turn out? Great. Hey, this is the apartment you get when you win a Nobel.
Raj: Well, you could be very frugal. I’m getting a little tired of everybody’s sarcasm.
Scene: The conference room.
Bernadette: I’m not a bully. I mean, maybe I come off a little strong, but that’s only because my dad raised me to be tough and not to take crap from anybody.
Penny: No. That’s fine, but there’s a difference between being tough and telling your friend her new pants look like a saggy diaper.
Bernadette: I did say that, didn’t I?
Penny: Yeah, you did. I felt so self-conscious, I had to return them.
Bernadette: Where? To Babies R Us?
Penny: You’re doing it again.
Bernadette: Okay, sorry. Can we just go? I feel like everybody hates me.
Penny: Oh, come on, they don’t hate you, all right? They’re just a little intimidated. All you need to do is show everyone how sweet you really are.
Bernadette: I think I’d rather go.
Penny: No, come on. You are not going anywhere, all right? I am here for you, and we are gonna fix this together.
Bernadette: Thank you.
Penny: Even though your dress is ugly.
Scene:The apartment.
Sheldon: Well, my little flag-keteers, it looks like the last episode of Fun with Flags is at an end. If I could, I would run each and every one of you viewers up a flagpole and salute you. And if you touched the ground, burn you. I’d like to take a moment to personally thank Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler, who you may or may not know is the first woman to co-host a flag or banner-related Internet info-tainment show.
Amy: Take that, glass ceiling.
Sheldon: And if I may get serious for a moment, hosting this show has been one crazy ride. But with all its ups and downs, I wouldn’t give it up for the world. Except for now, when I’m giving it up. Before I sign off, I’d, uh, I’d like to share with you all one last use for a white flag. It’s good for times like this. Good night.
Amy: Cut. Sheldon, that was beautiful.
Sheldon: If you didn’t press record…
Amy: I pressed it.
Scene: The office.
Leonard: Well, that’s it. That’s the end of Roger Abbott.
Raj: And we still don’t know who framed him.
Leonard: I still keep thinking about how an entire life can seemingly amount to nothing.
Howard: I guess the sad truth is, not everyone will accomplish something great. Some of us may just have to find meaning in the little moments that make up life.
Leonard: That’s a nice way of looking at it.
Howard: Yeah for you, not for me. I went to space. I’m covered.
Leonard: You know what? This bottle was meant to celebrate an achievement. Let’s make a pact. When one of us gets their first big breakthrough, we’ll celebrate by opening this bottle of champagne and toasting Professor Abbott.
Howard: I love that.
Raj: Yeah, me, too.
Leonard: Then, of course, rubbing our success in Sheldon’s face.
Raj: Oh, well, that’s the best part.
Howard: Oh, yeah.
Scene: The conference room.
Bernadette: Dan, could I talk to you for a minute?
Dan: Sure, go ahead.
Bernadette: Just want you to know I didn’t mean to be rude about your grandson.
Dan: No, it’s okay.
Bernadette: No, it’s not. Penny told me that everyone’s scared of me.
Dan: What? What? Why would she say that? You know she drinks, right?
Penny: What?
Bernadette: No, she’s right, and I just want you to know that from now on, I’m gonna be much more sensitive. I don’t want anyone walking on eggshells around me.
Dan: Oh, well, okay, then, uh, one thing I’ve been meaning to tell you is that the company is gonna stop paying for our coffee.
Bernadette: No problem. When does that start?
Dan: Five months ago.
Bernadette: What?
Dan: Yeah.
Bernadette: Who’s been paying for my coffee?
Dan: All of us.
Penny: Yeah. It comes from the swear jar we put money in when you curse.
Bernadette: What else don’t I know about?
Penny: Uh, well, you know your private bathroom?
Bernadette: Yeah?
Penny: That was supposed to be for the whole floor.
Bernadette: You’re kidding.
Dan: No, no. It’s okay. It only really affected Wheelchair Kathy, and she’s back in the hospital now, so it all worked out.
Bernadette: I feel so bad.
Penny: Well, then, maybe you shouldn’t have named her Wheelchair Kathy.
Bernadette: Oh, my God. I thought everybody liked me, but I’m just a monster.
Dan: But a cute one, like that, uh, eyeball guy in Monsters, Inc.
Bernadette: No, I’m the worst. I’m a terrible person.
Dan: Come on, don’t cry. It’s okay.
Bernadette: It’s not okay. How can I even work here anymore?
Penny: Because this company needs you.
Dan: It’s fine. We don’t mind paying for the coffee.
Bernadette: I can’t let you do that.
Dan: Maybe we could get you an espresso machine for your office.
Bernadette: I guess that would be all right.
Penny: See? You don’t have to be mean to get what you want.
Bernadette: You’re right. Now where did we land on my bathroom?
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello.
Leonard: How come you’re up so late?
Sheldon: I posted the last episode of Fun with Flags hours ago, and not a single person cared enough to comment. All that effort for nothing.
Leonard: Mm. I know how you feel. I spent the day throwing out a man’s entire career, and all that’s left is an old bottle of champagne and a naked lady pen that Raj took when he thought no one was looking.
Sheldon: It’s not the same thing. I don’t think you know how I feel at all.
Leonard: Sad?
Sheldon: Hmm. You do get me. Someone left a comment.
Leonard: Yeah. What did they say?
Sheldon: Too bad your show is done. I kind of liked it. Leonard, did you hear that? Oh, the people are heartbroken. I can’t take this away from the world. Fun with Flags is back.
Leonard: Congratulations.
Sheldon: Let’s celebrate.
Leonard: Sheldon, that wasn’t for you.
Sheldon: Oh, no, I’m not going to drink it. I just wanted to hear the pop. Yeah, I knew it was coming. Still scary.
Scene: LeVar Burton’s house.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) LeVar Burton? (Knock, knock, knock) LeVar Burton? (Knock, knock, knock) LeVar Burton?
LeVar: Ugh. What are you doing here?
Sheldon: You told me not to call, and I didn’t know how else to give you the good news. Fun with Flags is back, and you can be in the next episode.
LeVar: Wil Wheaton said, get a gate. I don’t know why I didn’t get a gate.
Sheldon: You, at least listen to the premise. Since you were born in Germany, I thought we could talk
about German flags. How do you feel about dressing up like a swastika?
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment. 
Penny: Hey, how are things going with your parents?
Raj; Not great. They hired divorce attorneys.
Sheldon: You know, speaking of attorneys, if I ever needed a lawyer, I would not hire She-Hulk.
Penny: You know what? That was almost on topic. I’m gonna say good job, Sheldon.
Amy: Wait, She-Hulk’s a lawyer?
Howard: Yeah, she works at a law firm in New York.
Sheldon: Yes, but she’s the only monster at the firm. Between you, me and the wall, I think she’s an affirmative action hire.
Raj: Anyway, Dad’s gonna be here in town, so I won’t be able to do Christmas dinner this year.
Amy: If you’re not up to hosting Christmas dinner, I’m happy to do it. You can even bring your father.
Raj: That would be nice.
Amy: I’ve always wanted to do a traditional Victorian Christmas. Parlour games, goose and figgy pudding.
Sheldon: Ugh. English pudding. You get yourself all excited for pudding, and here comes a cake with raisins in it. I’m not going.
Amy: You’re going.
Sheldon: Why do you hate me?
Amy: I don’t hate you. I love you.
Sheldon: Well, you call it love, but it has a lot of raisins in it.
Raj: Amy, good luck getting these guys excited about a dinner with a theme. I gave up when no one cared about my Tom Hanks-giving.
Bernadette: I think a Victorian Christmas sounds nice.
Howard: I agree.
Leonard: Why not?
Penny: Me, too.
Raj: You guys suck.
Credits sequence. 
Scene: The University clean room.
Leonard: You know the best part of working in the clean room? No allergies. Check it out. Oh, that, that, that’s a lot of oxygen.
Howard: We should get going to Amy’s.
Leonard: Can you believe there was a time when we would have needed an array of giant Cherenkov telescopes to detect cosmic particles? And here we are building our own multi-wire detector like a couple of badasses.
Howard: I know. If we were still single, we’d be tripping over all that booty.
Leonard: Ladies do love a man dressed like a kitchen garbage bag. Oh, no.
Howard: How the hell did a pigeon get in here?
Leonard: You shut the loading doors, right?
Howard: I thought you did.
Leonard: Do you know what a disaster this is?
Howard: You mean ’cause this room isn’t supposed to have dust in it, and we just let in a flying crap machine?
Leonard: What do we do? Should we call someone?
Howard: And tell them that we compromised all the equipment? Let’s just get it out of here before anyone knows.
Leonard: Okay, how do we catch it?
Howard: Well, what if we turn off all the lights except for one, and it’ll come to it.
Leonard: It’s not a moth.
Howard: Don’t yell at me. You’re not gonna get any good ideas out of me if you’re yelling.
Leonard: Okay, so if I remain calm, I’ll get more gems like turn off the lights?
Howard: Great, we’re turning on each other. That’s just what the bird wants us to do.
Scene: Amy’s apartment. 
Penny: So, Dr. Koothrappali, long flight?
Dr Koothrappali: Twenty hours.
Penny: Oh, that’s rough.
Dr Koothrappali: Not at all. Did you know that when you fly transcontinental without your wife, you don’t pray for the plane to crash?
Raj: Can we please talk about anything else?
Dr Koothrappali: Forgive me. How are you and Leonard?
Penny: Oh, great. Everything’s good.
Dr Koothrappali: I see you got engaged.
Penny: Yes, we did.
Dr Koothrappali: Let me tell you a story.
Raj: Dad.
Dr Koothrappali: Sorry. I’m sure you won’t grow to hate each other.
Raj (on phone): Hey, Leonard. What’s up? What? How did that happen? Yeah, okay. I’ll be there as soon as I can. Sorry. I have to run to the university.
Amy: What’s going on?
Raj: There’s been a problem with an experiment. A bird got into the clean room.
Dr Koothrappali: You want me to come?
Raj: Uh, no. You had a long flight. You stay here and relax.
Dr Koothrappali: Relax. Easy for you to say. Your mother isn’t cleaning out your bank account. Forty years, the woman never cleaned a thing.
Penny: You’re just gonna leave him here?
Dr Koothrappali: Relax, he says.
Raj: Yup. Bye.
Scene: Bernadette’s car.
Bernadette (singing): Here comes Santa Claus, here comes Santa Claus, right down Santa Claus Lane. Vixen and Blitzen and all his reindeer pulling on the reins.
Sheldon: Yeah, I appreciate the ride.
Bernadette (singing): Bells are ringing, children singing, all is merry and bright. So hang your stockings and say your prayers ’cause Santa Claus is coming tonight. Why’d you turn it off?
Sheldon: Because in the last ten minutes, Santa came to town, kissed Mommy and ran Grandma over with a reindeer. I had a drunk uncle who did all those things. Nobody sings songs about him.
Bernadette: Maybe you’d like it more if you thought of Santa as a superhero and his power is bringing joy to children.
Sheldon: My uncle was accused of that, too. It turned out to be legal in Oklahoma.
Bernadette: Okay, new subject. Let’s talk about presents. What did you get Amy?
Sheldon: Oh, we’re not exchanging gifts.
Bernadette: Come on, Sheldon, you have to get her something.
Sheldon: Why should I? She knows that I don’t like Christmas, and yet, every year, she forces me to celebrate it. Not only am I going to this foolish dinner against my will, at the Christmas tree lot, there was mistletoe, and she kissed me under it in public. Like we were the stars of a Tijuana sex show.
Bernadette: She’s just excited about the holidays.
Sheldon: Yes, and she’s not taking my feelings into account at all. Maybe it’s time I teach her a lesson.
Bernadette: How?
Sheldon: Hmm. It’d have to be something heinous, something that makes her as miserable as she’s making me. Oh, I’ve got it. This is good.
Bernadette: What?
Sheldon: I’m going to buy her a present.
Bernadette: Yeah, you’re gonna have to walk me through that.
Sheldon: With gift-giving, there’s an implied social contract. If I show up tonight with a present, and she doesn’t have one for me, she’ll feel terrible.
Bernadette: Then you’re both sad?
Sheldon: Yes. Maybe she’ll feel so guilty, she’ll never make me celebrate the holidays again.
Bernadette: So your evil plot here is to buy your girlfriend a present?
Sheldon: That’s right. So stay on my good side, or I’ll get you a little something, too.
Scene: The clean room. 
Howard: Okay, here’s the plan. I’m gonna put the food in the bag, and when he lands in the bag to eat it, we close it up.
Leonard: A Slim Jim?
Howard: It’s all I could find. It’ll work.
Leonard: Sure. If the pigeon’s stoned or a trucker.
Howard: Okay, well, what’s your plan?
Leonard: I told you my plan. Let’s call Building Services and get help.
Howard: And admit that we contaminated the clean room?
Leonard: No, admit that you contaminated the clean room.
Howard: Why do you keep assuming it was me?
Leonard: Because you do this kind of thing all the time, and then you try to cover it up.
Howard: Like when?
Leonard: What about when you flipped the Mars Rover, or lost Koothrappali’s dog, or almost drove off with that baby?
Howard: Again, it looked like my car, and the baby didn’t even cry until his mother punched me with her keys.
Leonard: Fine, put the Slim Jim in the garbage bag.
Howard: Well, what if you said it without sounding so condescending?
Leonard: I can try, but your plan has the words garbage bag and Slim Jim in it.
Raj: Hey, what’s going on?
Leonard: Oh. Genius here wants to catch a bird with a garbage bag and a Slim Jim.
Raj: Should have put it in the bag first.
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Penny: So, if you don’t mind me asking, do you think you might start dating again?
Dr Koothrappali: It’s much too soon for that. Why? Do you know someone?
Penny: No, but if things don’t work out with me and Leonard, I’ll give you a call. Wait. How much do you talk about Star Trek?
Amy: Okay, let’s get this Victorian party started. I’ve done some research about some traditional parlour games we can play.
Penny: Like what?
Amy: Well, there’s a fun one called Ball of Wool. You take a ball of wool, and you put it right in the centre of the table. Then people sit on opposite sides of the table and try to blow the wool off.
Penny: Sorry. She’s taken, too.
Scene: The clean room.
Howard: You know what I think your problem is? You’re jealous because you and I used to be best friends until Koothrappali came along.
Leonard: And you found somebody you could push around?
Raj: Hey.
Howard: Stay out of this.
Raj: Okay.
Howard: You know, maybe I’m best friends with Raj because he doesn’t think he’s smarter than me.
Raj: Actually.
Howard: I said, stay out of it.
Leonard: No, no, no. No, Raj, go ahead, say what you were gonna say.
Raj: All I’m gonna say is you guys need to stop this right now. It. it’s bad enough that my parents are fighting, now I have to hear the two of you? And who cares who’s smarter? If it’s Leonard or me or, you know, it’s Christmas, let’s say it’s Howard.
Howard: Well, if you’re so smart, you get the bird out.
Raj: No, you’re the one who let him in.
Howard: How do you know it wasn’t Leonard?
Raj: Come on.
Scene: A shopping mall.
Bernadette: What about that sweater?
Sheldon: No, it’s not good enough. It has to be perfect.
Bernadette: I think the nicest gifts I’ve got from Howie show how well he knows me.
Sheldon: Hmm. Let’s see, what do I know about Amy? She loves medieval literature, Chaucer’s her favourite. And her eyes sparkle when she watches old French movies. I enjoy how harp music causes her fingers to dance as if she’s playing along.
Bernadette: Wow, you really do love her.
Sheldon: I do. Now, let’s find the kind of gift that makes her feel small and worthless.
Scene: Amy’s apartment. 
Amy: You won.
Penny: Certainly doesn’t feel like it, does it?
Dr Koothrappali: You know, my wife used to throw theme parties like this all the time.
Penny: Oh, I guess that’s where Raj gets it from.
Dr Koothrappali: Well, he and his mother spent a lot of time together when he was young. I was always working.
Penny: Hey, you know, Raj is dating a doctor who works a lot. Him and his mom have a type. You, you got to laugh at that, right? No? All right.
Scene: Santa’s grotto. 
Santa: All right, let me see if I’ve got this straight. A picture of you on my lap is a way to punish your girlfriend for making you celebrate Christmas?
Sheldon: Correct.
Santa: Santa thinks dating you may be punishment enough.
Sheldon: There’s an argument for that. But I want to make sure.
Photographer: Smile.
Santa: Ho, ho. ho.
Scene: The clean room.
Leonard: Okay. On the count of three, I’ll shoot the fire extinguisher and get him airborne. Howard, you wave the blanket and guide him towards the exit. Raj, you hold open the curtain so he can fly out.
Howard: Are you sure a dummy like me can handle something as complicated as a blanket?
Leonard: Do you want the fire extinguisher?
Howard: Yeah, I do.
Leonard: Great. Here you go.
Howard: Okay. One, two, three.
Raj: Uh, you have to take the pin out.
Leonard: You miss the blanket now, don’t you?
Howard: On three. One, two, three.
Raj: What did you do?
Howard: It was an accident. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Leonard: Relax, it wasn’t your fault.
Howard: Uh, maybe it’s just stunned.
Raj: Dude, it’s not breathing.
Howard: Oh, no. I killed it. Oh, not again.
Raj: What do you mean, not again?
Howard: When I was ten, I was playing in my backyard and sat on a blue jay. I mean, I tried to bring it back to life with electricity, but it just caught on fire. The worst part was it smelled delicious.
Leonard: Uh, guys, I found an article here that says you can do CPR on birds.
Howard: Great. Do it.
Leonard: I’m not doing it. You killed him, you do it.
Raj: I’ll do it.
Howard: No. I need to do it. This is on me.
Leonard: Okay. Mouth over beak and light chest compressions.
Raj: Don’t blow too hard. If you pop him, I will vomit.
Leonard: Anything?
Howard: I am tasting a lot of Slim Jim.
Leonard: Wait, wait, his wing moved.
Howard: Oh, he blinked his eyes. He’s alive.
Raj: It’s a Christmas miracle.
Howard: I might argue a Hanukkah miracle, but I’ll take it. Come on, little guy, let’s get you outside. Get the curtain.
Raj: Someone should really close that loading door.
Scene: The same, later.
Raj: Well, that’s that. The room’s compromised. They’ll have to change all the filters, probably shut it down for weeks.
Howard: You were right. Go ahead, call Building Services. Tell them it was my fault.
Leonard: No, we’re both to blame. You know, let me take the heat on this one.
Raj: Yeah, just leave me out of it. You know if they come here and see crap everywhere, they’re just gonna blame the Indian guy.
Leonard (on phone): Hey. I’m sorry, we’re still here. Is everything okay?
Penny: It’s kind of boring. Although it did get exciting for a minute when Amy inhaled a wool ball. How much longer do you think you’ll be?
Leonard: I don’t know. There’s still a bird in here. We are gonna get in a ton of trouble.
Penny: Honey, it’s Christmas Eve. Who even knows you’re in there?
Leonard: No, our names are on the sign-in sheet.
Penny: So erase them and walk out.
Leonard: I can’t do that.
Howard: Can’t do what?
Leonard: She says take our names off the sign-in sheet and leave.
Howard: We can’t do that.
Leonard: Yeah.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Leonard, Howard and Raj (singing): Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Oh, what fun it is to ride in a one-horse open sleigh, hey.
Scene: Amy’s apartment. 
Raj: Mmm. Amy, that pudding was delicious.
Sheldon: If you like raisins.
Amy: Thank you. And it’s figs.
Sheldon: Oh. Oh, in that case, it was pretty good.
Bernadette: You feeling okay? You hardly touched your goose.
Howard: It smelled too much like blue jay.
Dr Koothrappali: Can I help you clean up?
Amy: Oh, you Heimliched a ball of wool out of me; you’re good.
Sheldon: Uh, what do you say we exchange gifts?
Penny: Oh, Sheldon, we didn’t bring any.
Leonard: I thought you hate giving gifts.
Sheldon: Yeah, I do. Which is why I got Amy this.
Amy: You got me something?
Sheldon: Oh, not just something, no. It’s from the heart, it’s holiday-themed, and I swallowed the gift receipt so you cannot return it.
Amy: Look at you on Santa’s lap. That’s so sweet.
Sheldon: Of course it is. It’s the perfect gift. How are you feeling right now? Guilty? Sad? Wishing you were Jewish?
Amy: No, I love it.
Sheldon: Oh, really? Well, how about now? (On recording) Happy holidays to my dear Amy. I hope you treasure this as much as I treasure you. (Not on recording) And you got me nothing. Christmas is ruined. Let’s never speak of it again. Well, this was fun.
Amy: Actually, I did get you something.
Sheldon: But what about our agreement?
Amy: Well, you got me something. Here.
Sheldon: Cookies?
Amy: They’re your Meemaw’s Christmas cookies. I called and got the recipe.
Sheldon: They’re perfect. It tastes like her hugs.
Amy: Merry Christmas, Sheldon.
Sheldon: I can’t believe this. You’re happy, I’m happy. Well, maybe a holiday that’s all about giving isn’t so… Get your hand out of that box.
Scene: The same, later.
Amy: Okay. The next game is called Hot Boiled Beans.
Penny: Of course it is.
Amy: One person is sent out of the room while the others hide a small item. Then they invite the first person back by saying hot boiled beans and bacon for supper, hurry up before it gets cold.
Raj: If you people think this is better than Tom Hanks-giving, you’re all crazy.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: What colour would you like to be?
Leonard: Well, I’d like to be green, but you know you always take it.
Sheldon: That’s not true. Any colour’s fine with me. Yeah, I could be a-a combination of blue and yellow.
Leonard: Blue and yellow make green.
Sheldon: Well, then it’s settled.
Penny: Hi. Ready to go?
Sheldon: Oh, good news, we ordered lunch, so we can all stay here and play Lord of the Rings Risk.
Amy: Sheldon, we said that we would play games with you tonight.
Sheldon: Oh, no, we’ll still be playing it tonight, this game can easily take eight hours.
Penny: Sweetie, you really thought I’d want to do this?
Leonard: No.
Penny: Well, did you tell him that?
Leonard: Yes.
Penny: Did you say it out loud with words?
Leonard: No.
Penny: I don’t want to spend the whole day playing a board game.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, you may change your mind when you hear that this is the new expanded edition which contains a more complete map of Middle Earth, now including the Haradwaith Territories.
Amy: I will literally race you to the car.
Leonard: No, no, no, come on, don’t leave. Just try it.
Penny: No. We’re always doing what you guys want. Just once, it’d be nice if you did something we wanted.
Sheldon: You want to be green?
Leonard: You know, they really have tried to like a lot of the same stuff we’re into.
Penny: Yeah, we do game nights and video game nights and we watch movies with director’s commentary.
Amy: Oh, my favourite, George Lucas can talk all the way through Star Wars, I say one word and I’m banished to the kitchen.
Penny: Yeah, today Amy and I are deciding what we’re all gonna do.
Leonard: You got it, you girls are in charge.
Penny: Thank you.
Amy: Sheldon?
Sheldon: Fine. Now that we’re not playing, you can be green.
Leonard: Thank you.
Sheldon: And since you’re green this time, I can be it next time.
Penny: All right, let’s see. What’s something fun the guys would never take us to do? Oh, I know, we could go horseback riding.
Amy: I actually can’t. My hips don’t open wider than 22 degrees. I rode a very thin pony once. On the first bump, just popped right off.
Penny: All right, well, what do you want to do?
Amy: There’s a craft and folk art museum on Wilshire.
Penny: Well, that’s Wilshire’s problem. Come on, you know, there, there’s got to be something fun we could do that the guys will hate.
Leonard: Hang on, why do we have to hate it?
Penny: Three words, Doctor Who convention.
Leonard: I did not force you to go to that.
Penny: You walked out of the house in a fez and bow tie. I went so you didn’t get beat up.
Leonard: I wasn’t gonna get beat up.
Penny: You were, but somehow I held myself back.
Sheldon: You know what you could make us do? Ice-skating. The cold air will trigger Leonard’s asthma and it plays right into my well-known fear of getting flattened by a Zamboni.
Leonard: Now you’re helping them find ways to make us miserable?
Sheldon: Well, I’m sorry, Leonard, I’m a problem-solver, it’s what I do.
Amy: I actually can’t go ice-skating. I have unnaturally brittle ankles.
Penny: Is there any part of your body that’s normal?
Credits sequence.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment. 
Raj: Oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God.
Howard: Will you please relax?
Raj: I can’t take it, dude.
Bernadette: You okay?
Raj: No, I’m not okay. I feel like I’m gonna jump out of my skin.
Bernadette: I told you not to wax down there. It’s itchy when it grows back.
Raj: I’m worried about the New Horizons space probe.
Bernadette: What’s he talking about?
Howard: Nine years ago he was part of a team that launched a spacecraft to collect data about Pluto, and it’s finally close enough, so this morning it turned itself on.
Raj: We hope. The signal has to travel over three billion miles. So it’s gonna be hours before we know if it even survived.
Howard: Now we get to see him flip out because he’s worried it was demolished by space ice.
Raj: Space ice is no joke. I can’t even watch Frozen anymore.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Ooh, the philharmonic is playing Beethoven downtown.
Sheldon: Before you say yes, it’s not the movie about the big dog.
Penny: How come we can’t think of something we both want to do?
Amy: Because you always pick what we do and I just go along with it.
Leonard: Ah, interesting, we’re being accused of making you do things you don’t like, and here you are, doing the same thing to poor Amy.
Sheldon: You should point out the hypocrisy of that.
Leonard: That’s what I was doing.
Sheldon: Oh, that wasn’t clear. Try it again, but this time drive it home with how do you like them apples, Missy?
Penny: All right, keep thinking.
Sheldon: You’re making it too complicated. Why not stick to the basics? Go shopping for clothes while Leonard and I sit in those uncomfortable chairs and hold your purses, hmm? I know I’d hate that. Leonard?
Leonard: Well, yeah.
Sheldon: Well, then, it’s settled?
Amy: What do you say? Sounds kind of perfect.
Penny: It does, somehow he managed to take all the fun out of it.
Sheldon: Well, once again, it’s what I do.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Raj: Oh, another two hours to go. The wait is killing me.
Howard: I know. I get it. When I was in the Soyuz capsule returning from the space station, plummeting toward Earth at 17,000 miles per hour…
Raj: Before you finish, is this a story about patience and waiting or just another reminder that you went to space?
Howard: A story can do two things.
Raj: Ugh, I feel like I’m gonna have a heart attack.
Howard: You work in pharmaceuticals, don’t you have anything you can give him?
Bernadette: All I have is our new urine flow drug. Won’t help with his anxiety, but it’s so strong, when he pees he’ll fly around the room like he’s got a jet pack.
Raj: I can’t stop thinking about it.
Bernadette: You know, worrying won’t have any effect on what happens.
Raj: I know.
Howard: Maybe you need to do something more productive.
Raj: Okay. If I make this shot in the trash can, the probe will have arrived in perfect working order.
Howard: So, in addition to being crazy, you’re resting the fate of the mission on your athletic prowess.
Raj: Yes.
Howard: The man who crashed his stationary bike.
Raj: I didn’t crash it, okay? My playlist was too up-tempo, I got light-headed and I fell off. Okay. It all comes down to this.
Howard: You happy? Now you can relax.
Raj: What kind of scientist are you? Everyone knows you got to make two out of three.
Scene: A clothes shop.
Leonard: This isn’t so bad.
Sheldon: That’s easy for you to say. Your chair’s not facing the lingerie section. Boy, that’s a lot of panties.
Amy: You guys comfy? This might take a while.
Sheldon: I don’t understand why women insist on making a big production out of buying clothes.
Penny: No, you’re right, we should do what you do. Have our mom send us pants from the Walmart in Houston.
Sheldon: They have a man there who understands my personal style.
Penny: Bye.
Leonard: Uh, I’ve got some bad news. There’s no cell service in here.
Sheldon: Oh. Well, that’s all right. There were plenty of ways to pass the time before smart phones were invented.
Leonard: That’s true.
Sheldon: I’ll look them up. Son of a biscuit.
Leonard: Sheldon, it’s fine.
Sheldon: No, it’s not fine. What kind of store in the 21st century doesn’t at least have Wi-Fi? I’m going to call their corporate office. Son of a biscuit.
Scene: The same, later.
Sheldon: Let’s see, my armies are going to attack the Shire from Buckland. And I roll a five and a three.
Leonard: Okay. And to defend, I roll two sixes. I win.
Sheldon: Boy, double-sixes again. You know, if I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn’t believe it. I wonder how long we’re gonna be stuck here.
Leonard: I don’t know, but the girls do a lot for us. It’s the least we can do.
Sheldon: Oh, that’s true. I suppose it’s only fair we make compromises.
Leonard: Look at you, being all mature.
Sheldon: I don’t know why you’re so surprised. If there’s one thing I know about after living with you for so many years, it’s how to compromise.
Leonard: I, I’m sorry? You make compromises for me?
Sheldon: All the time.
Leonard: On Earth? In our lives? That, that, that we’re living?
Sheldon: Oh, yes. I, just yesterday, you had a, a big piece of lettuce stuck in your teeth at lunch. Did I say anything? No. I compromised and kept my mouth shut. Like you should’ve, because everyone was laughing at you.
Leonard: That is not a compromise. A compromise is me driving you everywhere because you refuse to learn how.
Sheldon: Oh, I learned how. Amy taught me.
Leonard: What? Then. then why don’t you do it?
Sheldon: Uh, well, it’s scary. And sometimes I get the pedals mixed up. But, more importantly, driving me to work is one of the things that gives your life purpose. I can’t take that away from you, so what do I do? Oh, come on, I’m practically feeding you the answer. I compromise.
Scene: Raj’s car.
Raj: Hey, uh, thanks for keeping me company.
Howard: I’m happy to. I think getting out of the apartment will do you good. So, where we headed?
Raj: If it’s okay with you, I’d like to go to temple.
Howard: Buddy, trust me, you don’t want to convert to Judaism. I mean, I know I make it look cool, but it’s not all briskets and dreidels.
Raj: I meant a Hindu temple.
Howard: Oh. Okay. It’s not like Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, right? Some bald guy with horns isn’t gonna rip my heart out.
Raj: Dude, that movie’s an imperialist fantasy that makes the followers of a beautiful and peaceful religion look like a bunch of bloodthirsty barbarians.
Howard: You love that movie.
Raj: Yeah, it’s pretty great.
Howard: I’m surprised to see you suddenly get religious.
Raj: Why?
Howard: Well, because I’ve known you for ten years and you’ve never gone to temple, you never talked about believing in God, and last Diwali I watched you eat two pounds of sacred cow at a Brazilian steak house.
Raj: Religion is a very personal thing. I do go to temple, I just, I don’t talk about it.
Howard: Yeah, but you’re a scientist.
Raj: So?
Howard: So, as a scientist, you believe the way to understand the universe is through facts and evidence, and now you’re counting on some blue chick with a hundred arms to help you?
Raj: That is so offensive. Does everything you know about Hinduism come from Indiana Jones?
Howard: No. There’s also Apu from The Simpsons.
Raj: Well, lots of scientists believe in God. Okay? Newton, uh, Faraday, uh, Pascal, all were believers. Even Einstein was famous for attacking quantum theory on the grounds that God does not play dice with the universe.
Howard: Well, of course he believed in God. he slept with Marilyn Monroe.
Raj: Actually there’s no proof of that.
Howard: You believe in your religion, I’ll believe in mine.
Scene: The store changing rooms.
Amy: How’s it going in there?
Penny: Uh, not really a great outfit for work, unless something opens up in the hookers and whores division. Hey, can I ask you something?
Amy: Sure.
Penny: Do I really force you to do things you don’t want to?
Amy: Yeah, but it’s okay.
Penny: How is it okay?
Amy: I promised myself, if I ever got friends, I’d do whatever they said. Really, I’m lucky you found me before a cult did.
Penny: Well, you know, that was a long time ago. You’re a different woman now. You’re smart, you’ve got great friends, you’ve got a boyfriend, you’re pretty, you have zero fashion sense, but, anyway, tonight we’re gonna do whatever you want.
Amy: Really?
Penny: Absolutely. You name it, we’re doing it.
Amy: Basket weaving at the craft museum.
Penny: Well, you named it.
Scene: The store.
Sheldon: Oh, here’s another one. I wish that the apple pancake mix was on the top shelf because it starts with an A, but I don’t put it there because I don’t want you breaking one of your little legs when you’re supposed to be making my breakfast.
Leonard: Is it my turn to talk about the compromises I make?
Sheldon: I wasn’t done, but go ahead. He said, compromising.
Leonard: Because of you, I’m not allowed to adjust the temperature in my own home. I’m not allowed to whistle. I don’t wear shoes that might squeak.
Sheldon: Well, you’re a physicist, not a circus clown.
Leonard: Sheldon, do you realize I don’t live with the woman I love because of you? No other reason. Just you.
Sheldon: Is that true?
Leonard: Yes, it’s true. The last time I brought it up, you had an emotional breakdown and got on a train and ran away.
Sheldon: Well, given my history on the subject, t seems a little reckless to bring it up now.
Leonard: You have no idea how much you inconvenience the lives of everyone around you. It’s exhausting.
Sheldon: You know what? You think you’re so tolerant, but the truth is you’re mean to me a lot. Yeah, you think that I don’t notice all those sarcastic comments and those eye rolls, but I do. Hmm? I have excellent peripheral vision. On a good day, I can see my ears.
Leonard: Sheldon, I, I’m sorry if I hurt your feelings. I’ve been holding a lot of this in for a while.
Sheldon: Well, I’m sorry, too. And if you want to live with Penny, then I think you should.
Leonard: Do you mean that?
Sheldon: Yes. Yeah, just put on your squeaky shoes and eee-eee-eee your way out of my life.
Leonard: Come on, don’t get upset.
Sheldon: I’m not upset. I’m just imagining a world without my best friend in it.
Leonard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: It’s okay.
Leonard: I’m not leaving your world. I’m just talking about living across the hall.
Sheldon: I understand. Either way, I want you to know that I’m aware of how difficult I can be. So I just want to say thank you for putting up with me.
Leonard: Buddy.
Penny: How are you guys getting along? What? Why are there tears?
Leonard: Everything’s fine. We just started talking about living arrangements.
Amy: Are you crazy? You know he’s a flight risk.
Sheldon: That’s exactly what I told him.
Penny: Sheldon, we know this is a sensitive subject, and Leonard’s not gonna move out until you’re ready.
Sheldon: Well, what if you did it gradually?
Leonard: All right. How about we start with two nights a week I live with Penny?
Sheldon: How about one night and I let you whistle?
Leonard: Okay.
Sheldon: When I’m not home.
Leonard: You got it.
Sheldon: There we go, compromising again. We really are the best.
Scene: The temple car park.
Howard: Here we go, my first Hindu temple.
Raj: You see behind the fountain, that tower that looks like a pyramid? It’s called a Sikhara. It symbolizes the, the connection between the human and the divine.
Howard: Huh. I always thought it was mini golf.
Raj: All right. Shall we?
Howard: Yeah. Just, uh, is there anything I should know before I go in?
Raj: Like what?
Howard: Like am I dressed okay?
Raj: Really? So every other place you’ve been, you thought this was fine?
Howard: I know you’re under a lot of pressure, so I’m gonna let that pass.
Raj: Sorry. You’re right. I’m so stressed. But you know what, whenever I walk into that temple I realize that whatever happens, it’s okay. We’re all part of an immense pattern, and though we can’t understand it, we can be happy to know that it’s, it’s working its will through us.
Howard: That’s nice.
Raj: Whether you call it God or the universe or the self, we’re all interconnected, and that’s just a beautiful… Son of a bitch, that guy just dinged my car. S, seriously? You were just gonna drive away? Like my life isn’t hard enough right now. A space probe might be destroyed, my parents are going through an awful divorce, the guy who cuts my dog’s hair just gave her bangs.
Howard: Raj.
Raj: You saw her. She looks like Jim Carrey from Dumb and Dumber.
Howard: Raj, you just got a text. The probe turned on. It’s fine.
Raj: Oh, good. Namaste, Grandpa.
Scene: The craft museum. 
Leonard: I thought this was gonna be boring, but it’s actually kind of fun.
Penny: Don’t tell Amy that. We’ll be here every Sunday.
Amy: Sheldon, that really is an excellent basket.
Sheldon: It’s not a basket. It’s a soldier’s helmet from 16th century China.
Amy: Very nice.
Leonard: Yeah, it looks great.
Sheldon: I saw that.
Scene: Penny’s bedroom.
Leonard: Well, roomie, it’s only one night a week, but it’s a start.
Penny: I know. I’m really proud of Sheldon.
Leonard: Yeah, I’m proud of him, too.
Sheldon (in Penny’s living room): Can you keep it down? Some of us are trying to sleep out here.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Okay, we’re headed out, see you later.
Sheldon: Before you leave, could you test these noise-cancelling headphones?
Leonard: Yeah, sure.
Sheldon: Okay. Go ahead.
Leonard: Hello, can you hear me? Sheldon, I haven’t changed the filter in the water pitcher in two years.
Penny: Uh, Bernadette’s nickname for you is the virgin piña colada.
Leonard: Your George Lucas autograph is really a me autograph.
Penny: Yeah, once I was too lazy to walk across the hall, so I used your toothbrush.
Leonard: Ooh, and one time when you were asleep, Amy totally took off her… and that’s why you’re the best roommate ever.
Sheldon: Aw, now I’m sad I didn’t hear it.
Penny: So what do you need the headphones for?
Sheldon: Well, I’ve been struggling for months to come up with a theory of dark matter that doesn’t make protons decay. I’m hoping to finally tackle it by optimising my work environment. See, I’ve got, uh, my tea is at the perfect sipping temperature. Uh, I have fleece-lined boxer shorts to keep my tushie toasty. And then, oh, last but not least, this inspirational cat poster improved with the reassuring face of physics renegade Richard Feynman.
Penny: Is that why you had to take him to Office Depot last night?
Leonard: I don’t want to talk about it. There, the place is all yours.
Penny: Yeah, have fun.
Sheldon: Oh, I will, nothing more fun than a paradigm-shifting evening of science.
Penny: And you thought it was soaping me up in the shower.
Leonard: Bye.
Sheldon: Okay. Here we go. Proton decay. Proton decay. (Time shift) Proton decay. Proton decay. (Time shift) Proton decay. Proton decay.
Leonard: Hey, we’re home. Any progress?
Sheldon: How could there be, with these constant interruptions?
Penny: I love him, but if he’s broken, let’s not get a new one.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: What are you doing? It’s time to go.
Sheldon: I’m not going to work today. And would you like to know why?
Leonard: Ah, you’re upset because you spent the whole night working on dark matter and didn’t make a breakthrough, and now you’re worried you made a huge mistake switching fields, and you’re gonna sit around and sulk all day?
Sheldon: Like a big old baby.
Leonard: Call me if you need anything.
Sheldon: I’ve been cooped up in here too long. Maybe I need some fresh air.
Penny (off): Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! 
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
Penny (off): Ugh!
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
Penny (off): Ugh!
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
Penny: Ugh, what?
Sheldon: You sounded in distress. I was worried something unpleasant was happening to you. Like a murder. Or spontaneous coitus with Leonard.
Penny: Oh, I’m just doing this awful workout. I hate it.
Sheldon: Well, if you hate it, then why are you doing it? Although I could ask the same question about coitus with Leonard.
Penny: I don’t know, I guess I like that I hate it. It makes me work harder.
Sheldon: And to clarify?
Penny: The exercise, Sheldon. Shouldn’t you be getting ready for work?
Sheldon: I’m not going. Would you like to know why?
Penny: Uh, you’re sad about not getting anything done last night, so you’re gonna sit around and pout about it?
Sheldon: Boy, I’m not nearly as mysterious as I think I am.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Howard: I invented a game. You want to play?
Leonard: Sure.
Howard: It’s called Emily or Cinnamon. I give you actual quotes I’ve heard Raj say, and you guess if he was talking to his girlfriend or his dog.
Raj: Go ahead, make fun. You can’t embarrass me, I’ve got a beautiful girlfriend and a dog who loves me so much she drinks my bathwater.
Howard: Okay, who was he talking to, Emily or Cinnamon? I want you to know, the bed feels so lonely when you’re not in it.
Raj: I may not be liking this game so much.
Leonard: Cinnamon. Give me another one.
Howard: Okay, Emily or Cinnamon? Check it out, I got us matching sweaters.
Leonard: We all got the Christmas card, Cinnamon.
Raj: You know, a man can care deeply about a woman and a pet. It’s not strange.
Leonard: Ooh, Emily. I heard him say that to Emily. Hey, I thought you were staying home.
Sheldon: Yeah, I was, but after talking to Penny, I realised something. I, first, she’s trying much harder to stay attractive in this relationship than you are. And second, the reason I may not be progressing in my research is I’ve created too pleasant of an environment for myself.
Howard: What do you mean?
Sheldon: According to a classic psychological experiment by Yerkes and Dodson, in order to maximize performance, one must create a state of productive anxiety. So I’d like to ask you all to do something for me. Keep me on my toes. Just throw me off my game. Essentially, go out of your way to make my life miserable.
Howard: Hold on. What’s in it for us?
Sheldon: Well, I suppose…
Howard: Okay, we’ll do it.
Scene: Amy’s laboratory.
Sheldon: Done.
Amy: 33 seconds. Okay, that’ll be our baseline.
Sheldon: You know, I don’t want to tell you how to do your job, but when a mouse completes a maze, it gets a food pellet.
Amy: It also gets its brain plucked out with tweezers.
Sheldon: And his last meal was a food pellet? You’re a monster.
Amy: All right, next, we’re gonna introduce an anxiety-inducing stimulus, measure your stress levels and see how it affects your problem-solving rate.
Sheldon: Very well. And good luck, I’m a pretty laid-back guy.
Amy: Ready? Begin. Why’d you pop it?
Sheldon: I’m sorry, I was aiming for your heart.
Amy: Look, I know you don’t like it, but that’s the point of the experiment. I need to irritate you to find your optimal anxiety zone. And you said no to tickling, polka music or watching me eat a banana.
Sheldon: Who eats them horizontally?
Amy: My mother said that’s how good girls do it.
Sheldon: Perhaps this was a waste of time.
Amy: Sheldon, you’re a remarkable scientist. Just be patient, I’m sure you’ll find the breakthrough you’ve been looking for.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Amy: And if you only do solid research instead of making a groundbreaking discovery, what does it matter?
Sheldon: Only do solid research? I come to you for help, and you insult me? I thought the least that you would do would be…
Amy: Look, your anxiety levels are right in the zone.
Sheldon: Really? Oh, that’s fantastic. Now, wait, they’re dropping. Why are they dropping?
Amy: Because you’re happy they’re elevated.
Sheldon: Oh, that is infuriating. Ooh, look, they went back up again. Terrific. Oh, no, they went back down.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: All right, guys, what game do you want to play?
Howard: Let’s see. How about Emily or Cinnamon?
Raj: You know what? I think it’s a little weird that you remember me saying all these things. Maybe the truth is, you’re jealous of all my relationships.
Howard: Oh, maybe I am. Who wouldn’t want to be the girl, or possibly dog, to hear the words you’re so lucky, you have the shiniest hair.
Leonard: That is a tough one. Uh, I know he brushes both of them.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, I have figured out the perfect way for you to irritate me. I’d like you to be my intellectual sparring partners. From now on, when I make an assertion, I need you to challenge it.
Leonard: So you just want us to disagree with whatever you say?
Sheldon: Yes.
Raj: And you think that’s going to help?
Sheldon: Yes.
Howard: Well, I don’t think that’s gonna help at all.
Sheldon: Oh, no, it will. See, by keeping my mind engaged, I’ll become more focused.
Leonard: Howard’s right, that’ll never work.
Sheldon: Stop fighting me on the premise. It’s scientifically valid. I’m going to advance propositions, I just want you to challenge me.
Raj: I don’t think that’s what you want at all.
Sheldon: Why, of course it’s what I want. Why would I say it’s what I want if it’s not what I want?
Leonard: Because it is what you want, and it’s not what you said.
Sheldon: I ask you for one simple thing, and you can’t even do it.
Howard: Yes, we can.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, then do it.
Howard: Nah.
Sheldon: You guys are the worst. Thank you, I think that was helpful.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Penny: So, whichever rep has the best sales for the quarter gets a trip for two to Hawaii.
Amy: That would be so romantic for you and Leonard.
Penny: Yeah, clearly you haven’t seen him on the beach walking around with his metal detector.
Amy: If I were going to Hawaii, I’d spend all my time at the Keck Observatory. Did you know that the telescopes there have better resolution than the Hubble?
Penny: Really? Want to go to Hawaii?
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Ladies? (Knock, knock, knock) Ladies? (Knock, knock, knock) Ladies?
Penny: Come in.
Sheldon: Ladies.
Penny: What’s up?
Sheldon: Well, as you may know, I’ve been experimenting with elevated anxiety levels, and I thought, what better way to increase my discomfort than to subject myself to an evening of tasteless uncensored crotch talk?
Penny: What exactly do you think goes on here?
Sheldon: Well, conversations that you wouldn’t be comfortable having in front of the opposite sex. You know, who has the best cervix. Which sanitary napkin is all the rage right now. Men’s buttocks, and how you want to pat and squeeze them.
Bernadette: We were talking about Penny’s job.
Sheldon: And how difficult it is to do when she’s bloated, cranky and crampy? Continue.
Penny: Sheldon, we are just people. We talk about the same things you guys talk about.
Sheldon: You talk about if werewolves can swim? See, Leonard says yes, but I say it depends on if the human could swim before he was bitten. What do you think?
Penny: Let’s just talk about our periods.
Amy: No, hold on. All canines instinctively know how to swim. Why wouldn’t a werewolf have the same abilities?
Bernadette: Well, they’re not a hundred percent wolf. They’re a werewolf, that’s only part wolf. It’s like comparing apples to oranges.
Sheldon: Thank you. Oh, and technically, it’s apples that turn into were-oranges when the moon is full. Hey, this is fun. We should do it sometime when you aren’t all PMS’ing. Bye.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: What is going on?
Sheldon: Oh. Uh, I need to keep my anxiety at the right level, so I’m using Darth Vader, the Joker, and Godzilla’s roar to keep me in that sweet spot. Uh, I tried including Taylor Swift in the mix, but turns out I love her.
Leonard: Well, at least listen to it through headphones. I’m trying to sleep. Good night.
Sheldon: Boy, Taylor was right, haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate.
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Amy: You’ve been working so much lately, I’m glad you didn’t forget about date night.
Sheldon: Of course.
Amy: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Yeah.
Amy: Maybe you want to put the notebook away and talk to me.
Sheldon: I can do both. My brain is working at optimal capacity. I can have a conversation with you and solve the dark matter proton decay problem at the same time.
Amy: Fine. How was your day?
Sheldon: Oh, you said it.
Amy: Sheldon. Sheldon, I’m worried about you. You’re not eating, you haven’t slept in days, and, to be honest, that cap is starting to smell.
Sheldon: I know. It’s replaced Godzilla as my principle source of anxiety.
Scene: The apartment. 
Howard: Okay, so it’s one vote Emily, one vote Cinnamon. Penny, you’re the tiebreaker.
Penny: Say the quote again.
Howard: It’s just so perfect that we’re both Libras.
Penny: Wow, this is hard. I’m gonna say Cinnamon.
Howard: Yes.
Penny: Yes.
Raj: Come on.
Howard: That was the last one, I promise. We won’t play any more.
Raj: Thank you. ‘Cause if she ever found out, it would hurt her feelings.
Bernadette: Emily’s feelings?
Raj: Yes, Emily. Whatever. Where’s Sheldon?
Penny: Date night.
Leonard: That can’t be much fun for Amy. You know, at work today, he tried his first Red Bull.
Bernadette: What happened?
Leonard: He chased a squirrel around the quad for a while and then threw up in my car.
Bernadette: Don’t you think you should make him stop all this?
Howard: I don’t know, he’s not really hurting anybody.
Leonard: You didn’t have to scoop vomit out of your glove compartment.
Sheldon: He is getting a lot of work done. He had a pretty interesting take on proton decay.
Raj: Wow, if he cracks that it’s a game changer, guys. It’ll completely redefine our understanding of the physical universe.
Howard: Hmm, it would. Okay, back to Emily or Cinnamon? How can such a little girl eat such a big steak?
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Amy: Sheldon, I want you to take that cap off.
Sheldon: That nagging tone is helping my anxiety, yeah. But if you could maybe just go ten percent less shrill, that’d really put the zip-a-dee in my doo-dah.
Amy: I’m sorry, but you know we agreed not to bring work to date night.
Sheldon: There you go, perfect.
Amy: Sheldon, stop it, I’m not kidding. Take the cap off, and put the notebook away.
Sheldon: But after months of struggling, I’m finally making progress.
Amy: You don’t need to drive yourself crazy in order to be productive.
Sheldon: Or do I, hmm? Sir Isaac Newton wrote his Principia while convinced he was an armadillo.
Amy: That’s not true.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, maybe it is, maybe it isn’t. I have been hallucinating lately.
Amy: Sheldon, this has to stop. You need to get some sleep and take care of yourself.
Sheldon: Amy, I have gotten more done in the last few days than I have since I made the switch to dark matter. What if I stop doing this, and it all goes away?
Amy: Your thoughts and ideas come from you, not from your anxiety.
Sheldon: Hmm, perhaps. But I’m not taking the cap off.
Amy: It’s one thing to make yourself miserable, but you’re making everyone around you miserable, too. Now, I’m telling you for the last time, take the cap off.
Sheldon: Oh, really? What if I don’t? And before you answer that, can I have my dessert?
Scene: A bus.
Sheldon: And then she threw me out. Me, her very own boyfriend. When all I’ve done is try to help humanity reach of the world we live in.
Man: Yeah, well, women, what are you gonna do?
Sheldon: I knew you’d understand, Armadillo Isaac Newton.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: Here we are.
Sheldon: Hey. What are you trying to pull? The president of science isn’t in here.
Leonard: You lie down, he’ll be here in a minute.
Sheldon: Okay. Hey, I thought you were trying to trick me.
Penny: Now, you just get comfortable.
Sheldon: No, no, comfort is the enemy. You know what’s comfortable? Slippers and blankets and panda bears. Imagine a panda bear with Richard Feynman’s face on it. Warm up the car, Leonard, it’s poster time.
Leonard: Maybe in the morning.
Penny: Yeah, you get some sleep.
Sheldon: No, I don’t want to go to sleep, you can’t make me.
Penny: You’re right, we can’t.
Sheldon: Yeah, darn straight, you can’t. Try to tell a grown man to go to sleep.
Penny (singing): Soft kitty, warm kitty.
Leonard (singing): Little ball of fur.
Sheldon: That’s not gonna work.
Penny (singing): Happy kitty, sleepy kitty.
Together (singing): Purr, purr, purr.
Leonard: You know, he can be a lot of trouble, but when I see him lying here asleep like this, I just think how easy it would be to hold a pillow over his face.
Penny: Mmmm.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Howard: You look like you got some rest.
Sheldon: Oh, I’m feeling much better. And I’ve also been continuing to make progress without artificially raising my anxiety levels.
Leonard: I turned on the heat in my car and some vomit came out, so my levels, right up there.
Raj: Hey, guys. Mind if Emily joins us for lunch?
Leonard: Yeah, sure.
Howard: Yeah, no problem.
Sheldon: Of course not.
Emily: So I hear you guys have been playing a little game.
Howard: Well, um, we were just kidding around.
Emily: Well, you may think it’s funny that Raj is sweet and sensitive, but I think it’s sexy. Ugh, why is there dog hair in your mouth?
 								
			
				Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: So, tell me about your day, how’s it going with the particle detector?
Leonard: Wow, you remember that?
Penny: Yeah, I listen to what you say. You’re building a particle detector using superfluid helium.
Leonard: You know, when you talk like that, I want to take you right here on this table.
Penny: And you know from past experience this table cannot support both our weight. So, how’s the detector going?
Leonard: Well, it’s tricky working with superfluids. Whatever container you put them in, they kind of creep up the sides and crawl out all on their own.
Penny: Kind of like Sheldon’s ant farm.
Leonard: Exactly, except you don’t have a lunatic running around, yelling, I fed you sugar water, why are you biting me? Come on, this is boring, you really want to talk about this?
Penny: No, I do. I didn’t write superfluid helium on this napkin for nothing.
Leonard: Okay, well, this is cool. Uh, there’s a thing called superfluid vacuum theory, where empty space is imagined as a superfluid with all of its qualities, viscosity, density, surface tension…
Penny: Hey, if you’re pausing for dramatic effect, I’d keep it moving.
Leonard: No, no. People don’t talk about surface tension. If you imagine our three-space as the surface of an N-dimensional superfluid bubble… This is exciting. This is really exciting. I have to go find Sheldon.
Penny: Okay, well, if you find him, use the kitchen island, that coffee table will not support both of you.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Which means a spherical multidimensional superfluid shows the same negative-energy density as space-time. So what do you think? What do you think? So what do you think?
Sheldon: Hmm.
Leonard: What? Is it wrong? Have you seen it somewhere else?
Sheldon: Hmm.
Leonard: I know this isn’t my area, and I could never do the math like you can, but could this be something?
Sheldon: Well, you could have set Newton’s gravitational constant to one. And, ugh, the whole thing reeks of blueberry. You know I can’t stand these scented markers.
Leonard: No one told you to taste them. Come on, is, is this good or not?
Sheldon: It’s good.
Leonard: Really?
Sheldon: I like it. I think you’re on to something.
Leonard: You do? You’re not messing with me?
Sheldon: Not at all. In fact, I have got something for just such an occasion. I was starting to think I might never get a chance to give it to you. Good job.
Leonard: You’re giving me a sticker?
Sheldon: Not just a sticker. That is a sticker of a kitty saying me-wow.
Leonard: I’m not a preschooler.
Sheldon: Fine, I’ll take it back.
Leonard: I earned this. Back off.
Credits sequence. 
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: You’re still awake?
Sheldon: For a man whose last observation was our universe may be the surface of a multidimensional supercooled liquid, you’re still awake seems like quite the sophomore slump.
Leonard: You worked out all the math.
Sheldon: Oh, I did more than work out all the math. I wrote a paper.
Leonard: You wrote a paper on my idea?
Sheldon: I wrote a paper on our idea.
Leonard: When did my idea become our idea?
Sheldon: When I mixed it with Sheldony goodness and cooked it in the Easy-Bake oven of my mind.
Leonard: This is good. Our idea is really good.
Sheldon: Well, the lightbulb in this oven is ridiculously bright.
Leonard: You know, if no one’s thought of this, yet, this could be a big deal.
Sheldon: Only way we’ll know for sure is if we post it online to the pre-print server. I have it ready to go, but I wasn’t gonna do it without you.
Leonard: Wow, it’s all happening so fast. Should we just sleep on it?
Sheldon: We could, but we always run the risk of someone else beating us to the punch.
Leonard: You’re sure it’s good?
Sheldon: My name is right on there with yours. That is a surefire mark of quality. That might as well say directed by Joss Whedon.
Leonard: Okay, partner, let’s do it.
Sheldon: Come on. Click the mouse with me.
Leonard: One, two three.
Together: Click.
Leonard: Well, we did it.
Sheldon: Yes, we did, my friend.
Leonard: Is your tongue blue?
Sheldon: I don’t want to talk about it.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Bernadette: Okay, movie night, what do you want to watch?
Amy: Whatever happened to that ape movie you were in?
Penny: Oh, God. Probably nothing. I think I saw the director twirling a sign outside the Verizon store.
Bernadette: Search for it.
Penny: What, no, why?
Bernadette: ‘Cause it would be fun to watch.
Penny: It would be humiliating.
Bernadette: Well, now we have two reasons.
Amy: They have it.
Bernadette: Please, can we watch it?
Amy: Please?
Penny: Fine, but I’m telling you, it’s terrible.
Amy: Have you even seen it?
Penny: No.
Bernadette: Well, maybe it turned out better than you think.
Voice on TV: Bananas, get your fresh bananas.
Bernadette: Ho-ho, it really didn’t.
Scene: Leonard’s laboratory.
Leonard: Sheldon, this is superfluid helium. Put this in your mouth, your tongue will freeze and break off.
Sheldon: Does it smell like blueberries?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Then we’re probably okay.
Howard: Hey, your paper got mentioned on the Quantum Diaries physics blog.
Leonard: Really? What’d they say?
Howard: Uh, it’s basically a summary of the theory, but there’s a bunch of positive comments on the message board.
Leonard: Let me see, let me see. One calls it insightful and innovative. We’re insightful and innovative.
Sheldon: Oh, nice to meet you, Mr. Insightful.
Leonard: Oh, the pleasure is mine, Mr. Innovative. Uh, another one says the concept shows some real out-of-the-box thinking. Do you hear that, Mr. Out-Of-The?
Sheldon: I do, indeed, Mr. Box-Thinking.
Howard: How are you today, Mr. Can-You-Believe-These-Jack-Asses?
Raj: Just dandy, Mr I-Wish-I-Was-Better-At-Improv.
Sheldon: Read another one.
Leonard: Okay, okay. Uh, the analogy between space-time and a supercooled fluid is either meaningless or false. I wish this blog would devote itself to real science instead of wasting our time with crackpot wannabe theoreticians in a rush to publish.
Sheldon: Who wrote that?
Leonard: It’s anonymous, and user name General Relativity.
Sheldon: Well, I’m responding to it.
Leonard: Uh, don’t lower yourself to their level.
Sheldon: Look, I am simply going to defend our work, scientist to scientist. And failing that, suggest that his mother enjoys a string of both human and non-human lovers.
Leonard: Sheldon, my name’s on that paper, too. There’s no upside to doing this.
Sheldon: He just left another comment.
Raj: What does it say?
Leonard: Upon review, I’ve changed my mind about the Cooper-Hofstadter hypothesis that space-time is like a superfluid. In fact, it’s inspired me to come up with my own theory. Maybe space-time is like two clowns with their heads in a bucket, much like Cooper and Hofstadter.
Sheldon: Can I respond now?
Leonard: Do it.
Sheldon: You mess with the bull, you get the horns. I’m about to show this guy just how horny I can be.
Leonard: Somebody else do it.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny (on television): Doctor, please help me. I think I might be turning into a killer gorilla.
Doctor: Why do you think you’re turning into a killer gorilla and not just a regular gorilla?
Penny (on television): Because regular gorillas are vegetarians, and I just bit the fingers off your receptionist.
Penny: Okay, we’ve seen plenty.
Bernadette: No, give me the remote.
Amy: Careful. She’ll bite your fingers off.
Penny: Okay, well, I’ve been poking around the internet, and I think I found something we’ll enjoy watching even more.
Amy: What is it?
Penny: Oh, just a video of Bernadette in a beauty pageant.
Amy: What?
Bernadette: Okay, I learned my lesson. Making fun of people is wrong.
Amy: I haven’t learned my lesson. Play it. Play it.
Bernadette (on screen): Hi. I’m Bernadette Maryann Rostenkowski from Yorba Linda, California.
Penny: You look like a talking cupcake.
Bernadette (on screen): And you should pick me for Miss California Quiznos 1999, because I want to (singing) tell you what I want, what I really really want, l tell you what I want, what I really really want, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna Really, really, really be Miss California Quiznos 1999.
Amy: Play it again. Play it again.
Scene: The apartment. 
Raj: Did he respond yet?
Sheldon: Hmm. No, not yet.
Leonard: Well, maybe we shouldn’t have sunk to his level.
Howard: It wasn’t that bad.
Leonard: Read it back one more time.
Sheldon: My good sir, we are neither crackpots nor wannabes. In fact, we are experts in our fields. And while you hide behind your anonymity, we stand behind our paper. And later tonight, your mother.
Leonard: And you don’t think that’s too rough?
Sheldon: We’re just standing behind her. It’s not like we’re gonna say boo and scare her.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Penny: How could you not tell us you were in beauty pageants?
Bernadette: ‘Cause it’s embarrassing.
Penny: It is; it truly is.
Bernadette: Yeah, well, Amy writes Little House on the Prairie fan fiction about herself and posts it on the Internet.
Penny: No.
Amy: Why? What did I do?
Bernadette: Sorry, I had to get the spotlight off me, and tearing down other women is part of my pageant training.
Penny: Okay. We are reading that right now.
Amy: No, please don’t.
Bernadette: We got embarrassed tonight. Come on.
Amy: But it’s personal.
Penny: Why? Is it about you and Sheldon?
Amy: No.
Penny: Oh, my God, it’s about her and Sheldon.
Amy: It’s not about me and Sheldon. It’s about a young woman in the 1800s named Amelia, and the time-traveling physicist named Cooper she falls in love with.
Penny: Please show us?
Bernadette: Please?
Amy: No.
Penny: You know I’m gonna read it either way.
Amy: Good luck finding it.
Penny: Amelia and the time-trav… found it. It was just past dawn on the prairie, and like every morning, Amelia prepared to do her chores. Except something about this morning felt different.
Bernadette: Why? Why did it feel different?
Penny: Maybe it was the first whisper of winter in the air, or maybe it was the unconscious handsome man with porcelain skin and curious clothing she was about to discover lying in the field. A man who would open her mind to new possibilities and her body to new feelings.
Amy: You know, there was a time when I was alone and had no friends. I’m starting to miss that.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: He still hasn’t responded. What’s taking him so long?
Leonard: Do you really want him to write back?
Sheldon: Yeah, I do. Then no matter how he responds, I am going to destroy him with a picture of a bored cat saying oh, really?
Leonard: Me-wow.
Howard: What are you doing?
Raj: I’ve, uh, created some other user accounts so I can post positive comments about their paper.
Howard: This wee li’l bairn of a theory nearly blew my kilt off.
Raj: No. You have to read it how Dr. Angus McDougal of the University of Edinburgh would. This wee li’l bairn of a theory nearly blew me kilt off.
Sheldon: He wrote back. Cooper and Hofstadter resorting to juvenile attempts at humour is proof they have nothing to back up their ridiculous paper. It should come as no surprise given they work at Cal Tech, essentially a technical school, where even the physicists are basically engineers. Engineers? Do you know how insulting that is?
Howard: Yes.
Raj: Guys, this person’s just going out of their way to get a rise out of you.
Sheldon: Yeah, but it’s still so aggravating.
Raj: Yeah, well, all the other comments said really nice things. Focus on those.
Howard: Yeah. Dr. Dmitri Plancovik of Moscow University said dis paper great, I love it more than wodka.
Raj: See? Better with the accent.
Sheldon: And send.
Leonard: What did you write?
Sheldon: I’m done hiding from bullies. I’m taking this into the real world.
Leonard: What does that mean?
Sheldon: I told him we’ll meet him face-to-face anytime, anywhere.
Leonard: Are you crazy? You don’t know who this person is. Delete that.
Raj: Come on, Sheldon!
Sheldon: Oh, okay, okay, calm down. (Skype tone) It’s him. He’s trying to video chat. Perhaps I shouldn’t have taken this into the real world.
Leonard: Oh, really?
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Penny: “Time travel? I don’t understand,” said Amelia. Cooper stared at her. ‘Which word don’t you understand, time or travel?”
Bernadette: Wow, even in your fantasies Sheldon’s kind of exhausting.
Amy: He’s like that in the beginning, so she can change him. It’s called good writing. And wishful thinking.
Penny: It stung Amelia when he spoke to her this way. In her little one-room schoolhouse, she was always the smartest student, regularly besting the boys in her class, but this was no boy in front of her, this was a man.
Bernadette: Here we go.
Penny: Cooper told Amelia about all the strange and incredible things the future would hold, like computers and living past 30. He asked her if she had any questions. All she longed to ask was if his heart was beating as fast as hers, but she was too afraid to hear the answer.
Bernadette: Oh, Amelia.
Penny: So instead she asked if, in the future, Montana ever became a state.
Amy: In the 1800s that was considered flirting.
Scene: The apartment. 
Raj: I’m so sick of people being mean on the Internet.
Howard: Well, I think the anonymity makes everyone feel like they can say things they’d never say to your face.
Sheldon: Interesting. I can’t think of a single thing I wouldn’t say to someone’s face.
Leonard: Never noticed that about you.
Raj: You know what? At least you guys did something. You know, you, you had a theory, you wrote a paper, you made an actual contribution. All guys like this do is just stand on other people’s work.
Sheldon: He’s right. I say we call this person back. We’ve got no reason to hide.
Leonard: All right, do it. Call him. Let’s find out what this loser’s ever accomplished.
Sheldon: Click it with me. One, two, three, click.
Stephen Hawking: Well, hello there.
Sheldon: Professor Hawking?
Stephen Hawking: Oh, brother, you should see the look on your faces.
Leonard: You really didn’t like our paper?
Stephen Hawking: I like your paper very much. The premise is intriguing.
Sheldon: Then why are you attacking us?
Stephen Hawking: If you were sitting in a chair for 40 years, you’d get bored, too. Anyway, got to go. I promised to help the neighbour kid with his maths homework. Ciao.
Leonard: Stephen Hawking liked our paper. Said the premise is intriguing.
Sheldon: Good to see you again, Mr. Stephen-Hawking Liked-Our-Paper.
Leonard: And you as well, Mr. Our-Premise-Is-Intriguing.
Howard: How do you do, Mr. I’ll-Admit-That’s-Pretty-Cool?
Raj: Yeah, you keep setting me up for failure.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Penny: With a heavy heart, Amelia stood before the newly repaired time machine. She regretted giving Cooper the part he needed.
Bernadette: Because she wanted him to give her the part she needed.
Amy: Okay, that’s enough.
Penny: What? No, I really want to know what happens, and Bernadette really, really, really wants to know what happens.
Amy: You’re just making fun of me.
Bernadette: I was just kidding. I’m sorry. And the story’s really good.
Penny: No, it is. Does he stay? Do they kiss? Does she find out about Montana?
Bernadette: Please?
Amy: Fine. As Cooper prepared to depart, tears filled Amelia’s eyes. He took her hand in his and said, “I can’t stay, but I will never forget you.” He brushed his fingers against her cheek, then quickly stepped into the machine. “Please don’t go,” she whispered. But it was too late. The engine hummed to life.
Bernadette: But they didn’t even kiss.
Amy: She turned away, wiping her eyes. She couldn’t bear to watch her one chance at true love disappear forever. Then she felt a strong hand on her shoulder spin her around. It was Cooper.
Penny: Yes.
Amy: “What about the future?” asked Amelia. He looked deeply into her eyes and whispered, “There is no future without you.” He pulled her in close. She began to tremble all over. She felt his warm breath…
Leonard: You will not believe what Stephen Hawking just said.
Penny: Get out!
Bernadette: Not now!
Scene: An 1800’s house. 
Amelia: Is the water warm enough?
Cooper: Given the fact that you took the time to build a wood fire, draw the water from the well and heat it, it would be rude to complain. But since you asked, it’s a little nippy.
Amelia: I can fix that. I couldn’t help but notice your unusual undergarments.
Cooper: They’re not undergarments. They’re Underoos. Where I come from, they’re known as underwear that’s fun to wear.
Amelia: And what’s the significance of the spider?
Cooper: Oh, that represents Spider-Man. He does whatever a spider can.
Amelia: There’s a lot of rhyming in the future, isn’t there?
Leonard (in bed): You’re right. This is even weirder than I thought.
Penny: You want me to stop reading?
Leonard: Are you kidding? No, no.
Penny: As he stood for Amelia to dry him…
Amelia: So, tell me, Cooper, are the ways of physical love different in the future?
Leonard: Yeah, okay, I’m good.
 								
			
				Scene: Amy’s laboratory.
Sheldon: I’ve invented a science joke, would you like to hear it?
Amy: Sure.
Sheldon: How many Edisons does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Amy: How many?
Sheldon: Who cares? He stole the idea and doesn’t deserve his own joke.
Amy: Is that really true?
Sheldon: Of course, that’s how you know it’s a good joke. It not only entertains, it informs.
Barry: Hey, sowwy to intewupt.
Sheldon: Uh, Barry, uh, how many Edisons does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Barry: Did you know Edison didn’t actuawy invent the wight bulb?
Sheldon: What do you want, Barry?
Barry: Just wanted to dwop this off as a wittle thank you for Amy.
Amy: What’s this for?
Barry: Your idea weawy hewped me out. My wight-cone quantization paper’s onwine alweady. The wesponse has been amazing.
Amy: Well, that’s fascinating. I can’t wait to read it.
Sheldon: Oh, no, me as well. Uh, please e-mail it to Sheldon at bazinga dot biz. Why dot biz? Because I just gave you the business. And also bazinga dot com was taken.
Barry: Anyway, thanks again. Cooper, suck eggs.
Sheldon: Since when do you help out Barry Kripke?
Amy: Well, I’d been thinking about a cellular automata approach to neuronal connectivity, and I thought it might have some interesting applications to string theory, it’s not a big deal.
Sheldon: Oh, really? When I was doing string theory and hit a dead end, why didn’t you try to help me?
Amy: I did. You said the only math biologists know is if you have three frogs and one hops away, that leaves two frogs.
Sheldon: That’s pretty funny, that does sound like me. But that doesn’t mean that you should be standing on street corners handing out your math to whatever guy comes along.
Amy: Sheldon, we’re all scientists. I helped out a fellow colleague. You’re being petty.
Sheldon: I’m being petty? You know Barry and I have a professional rivalry. You heard him, he told me to suck eggs. If we were friends, he would have suggested I suck something more pleasant. Why are you laughing? Did you learn something?
Credits sequence.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard (on phone): Okay, Ma. Say hi to Aunt Gladys. Yeah, I love you, too. Bye.
Bernadette: Your mom having fun in Florida?
Howard: Mmm, she loves it. She finally found a place where everyone talks about how sweaty they are. Anyway, she wants us to go to the house and check in on Stuart because he might be lonely.
Bernadette: She’s just being nice.
Howard: Well, I’m her son, how come she doesn’t send someone to check on me if I’m lonely?
Bernadette: Because you have a wife.
Howard: Yeah, well, sometimes you work late.
Bernadette: I know you don’t like Stuart being in the house, but the store’s about to reopen, I’m sure he’ll get back on his feet.
Howard: That would be great. I’d love for things between me and Mom to get back to normal.
Bernadette: Well, normal’s a strong word, but sure.
Scene: The laundry room.
Penny: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello.
Penny: You okay?
Sheldon: If I was okay, I would’ve said hello, and not the much more ominous hello.
Penny: What’s going on?
Sheldon: I’m mad at Amy.
Penny: Did she leave pit stains in your favourite crop top, too?
Sheldon: No. She helped Barry Kripke make an advancement in string theory.
Penny: Oh, that sounds like a good thing.
Sheldon: Well, it would be, except that I left string theory because I decided it was a dead end. Yeah, and then she went behind my back to help someone else prove me wrong. My rival, no less. I’m sorry you had to see that.
Penny: I’m sorry I didn’t have a camera.
Sheldon: Why would she do this to me?
Penny: Well, I’m sure she didn’t upset you on purpose. Besides, aren’t you the one who says there’s nothing more important than the advancement of science?
Sheldon: No, I said there’s nothing more important than me advancing science.
Penny: All right, well, if I’m understanding this right, and all she did was help out another scientist, I’m thinking you might have to let this one go.
Sheldon: Ugh, let it go. I have heard that my whole life. Every time something upsets me somebody says, let it go, you know, like it’s my fault, and it’s not okay to feel the way I feel.
Penny: I don’t know what to tell you. I mean, why don’t you talk to her?
Sheldon: Is that all you have? Shopworn tidbits like talk to her and let it go? Gee, Penny, life’s giving me lemons. What should I do?
Penny: Well, you could shove them somewhere.
Sheldon: Okay, now you’re getting creative.
Scene: The comic book store. 
Stuart: Thanks again for your help.
Leonard: No problem.
Raj: Our pleasure.
Leonard: The place really looks great.
Raj: Yeah, you should have burned it down years ago.
Stuart: I keep telling you I didn’t burn it down.
Leonard: We know, we know, because burning something down for the insurance money is a crime.
Bernadette: Stuart, this place looks amazing.
Stuart: Thanks.
Howard: You really did a nice job.
Stuart: And thank you for putting up with me staying at your mom’s through all this. I couldn’t have done it otherwise.
Howard: I appreciate that, and I’m glad you were able to… is that my mother’s furniture?
Stuart: Yeah, she said I could use it. Doesn’t it look great?
Howard: Not as great as it looks in the den where it belongs.
Bernadette: Howie.
Howard: Why don’t you just clean out the whole room? Take the string art clown I made her in third grade and the ribbon I got in swim class for putting my face in the water.
Stuart: What is your problem? She said it was okay.
Howard: Well, I’m her son, and I say it’s not okay.
Stuart: Some son, looks like you spent ten minutes on that clown art.
Howard: Well, maybe I should’ve gone to a fancy art school like you. Then I could run a failed comic shop and mooch off some guy’s mother.
Bernadette: Why don’t we leave so you can cool off?
Stuart: I think that’s a good idea. Take him out of my store.
Howard: Your store? My mother gave you the money to reopen. I’m not going anywhere.
Leonard: Why don’t we go get the food for the party.
Stuart: Thank you.
Raj: Smart, looks like we’re being helpful.
Leonard: Mmm, when really we’re just exiting an uncomfortable situation.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: Kripke, you know, of all the people, Barry Kripke. I’m so… Are you folding that like a crazy person to get me to do it for you?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Oh, give me that. Just out of curiosity, if I were to let something go, how would I do that?
Penny: I don’t know, just think about something else.
Sheldon: Can I think about the spiny anteater?
Penny: Sure.
Sheldon: The spiny anteater never went behind my back and worked with Barry Kripke. That didn’t help at all.
Penny: You know, some people try visualization.
Sheldon: How does that work?
Penny: Okay, imagine your problems are a pen.
Sheldon: Okay.
Penny: Now imagine you’re holding that pen.
Sheldon: Okay.
Penny: Now open your hand and let it go.
Sheldon: But I just got this pen. It’s got my initials on it and everything. Look.
Penny: Sheldon, this isn’t that hard.
Sheldon: I may have a better way that you can teach me.
Penny: How?
Sheldon: What if I told you that over the past few months Amy has secretly been giving you little puzzles to test your intelligence against chimpanzees in her lab?
Penny: What? She didn’t give me any puzzles.
Sheldon: Are you sure?
Amy (in flashback): Boy, I just can’t seem to get these scissors back together. Can you do it?
Amy (in flashback): Darn it. There’s something in my eye, and I need to sort these coins by size. Can you help?
Amy (in flashback): Penny? I really want to eat this banana, but it’s stuck inside this bamboo puzzle box.
Penny: Son of a bitch.
Sheldon: Okay, that’s great. Now, let it go.
Penny: I can’t believe you were testing me against a chimp.
Sheldon: Well, excuse me, Amy was testing you. I was rooting for you. Good job on that banana box, by the way.
Penny: Why would she even do this?
Sheldon: She’s been conducting an experiment on apes where they’re given various puzzles to solve. I was surprised at the complexity of the puzzles and thought some humans wouldn’t be able to solve them. That’s when Amy said, want to make this interesting?
Penny: Make this interesting? You bet money on me?
Sheldon: No, no. We designed an experiment involving you. See? Now, isn’t that interesting?
Penny: It’s not interesting. It’s incredibly insulting.
Sheldon: Okay, maybe this will help. Imagine you’re holding a pen. Before you go too far, not a special pen with your initials engraved on it, that’ll make the next part really hard.
Penny: Oh, my, that’s it. Get out.
Sheldon: I don’t understand why you’re mad at me. You should be mad at Amy. Like I was this afternoon. Hey, look at that, I let it go.
Penny: Get out.
Sheldon: Penny?
Penny: What?
Sheldon: I think I left my pen in there.
Scene: The comic book store. 
Bernadette: I understand why you’re upset, but he worked really hard to get the store ready. And it’s just furniture.
Howard: It’s my mom’s furniture. It belongs in the house I grew up in, next to that pile of TV Guides and in plain view of what, for a ten-year-old, was a quality piece of string art.
Bernadette: Howie, if the store succeeds, Stuart has a source of income, and he can move out of your mother’s house. Seems like some old furniture is a reasonable price to pay for that.
Howard: That is a good point. But I didn’t marry you for good points. I married you to blindly support me no matter how ridiculous I’m being.
Bernadette: This is why I had to rewrite our wedding vows.
Scene: A deli.
Leonard: Hi, we’re here to pick up an order for Comic Center.
Waitress: Sure, let me go check on that.
Raj: Dude, I, I think that’s Nathan Fillion.
Leonard: Oh yeah, look at that.
Raj: And he’s picking the tomatoes out of his salad just like I do. I always did feel a connection with him. Oh, I have got an idea.
Leonard: We’re not selling his tomatoes on eBay.
Raj: No, if we got Captain Reynolds from Firefly to do a signing at Stuart’s store, that would be amazing.
Leonard: That would be great.
Raj: So should we go talk to him?
Leonard: I don’t know. I mean, if he’s not nice, it’s gonna make it hard for me to watch him in anything again.
Raj: What? The, the guy who plays Jon Snow was a jerk. We still watch Game of Thrones.
Leonard: He was a jerk because you rear-ended him.
Raj: I was distracted. It’s weird seeing a member of the Night’s Watch with a kayak strapped to his car. Come on. Hi, excuse me, s, sorry, I, I don’t mean to bother you, but we’re just really big fans of Firefly. And Dr. Horrible.
Nathan Fillion: Oh, uh, I think you made a mistake. I’m not an actor.
Raj: Don’t say that. I mean, you’re not Dame Judi Dench, but you’re pretty great.
Nathan Fillion: Oh, yeah, I get it, you think I’m Nathan Fillion, but I’m not. So if you don’t mind, I would just love to eat my lunch.
Leonard: Come on. Sorry to bother you.
Raj: Don’t know why he’s so grumpy. I got mistaken for that guy in Life of Pi once, and I’m still floating.
Scene: The hallway.
Amy: Sheldon, it’s me.
Penny: Oh, hey. Did you see that? I, I figured out how to open the door all by myself. Maybe I’ll fling some faeces around my cage to celebrate.
Amy: What are you talking about?
Penny: I know you’ve been giving me secret puzzle tests.
Amy: Sheldon, open the door.
Sheldon: I can’t. I’m naked.
Amy: I just saw you.
Sheldon: Hang on.
Penny: Open the door now.
Amy: Oh, hey.
Penny: Pull up your pants.
Amy: It’s not a big deal. I run tests like this on undergrads all the time. If you fill out some paperwork at the university, I can get you five dollars.
Penny: I don’t want five dollars. I want my dignity.
Amy: So what are we talking, like, ten bucks?
Scene: The deli.
Leonard: Thank you.
Raj: Thanks.
Leonard: Sorry again.
Nathan Fillion: No problem.
Raj: Are you sure you’re not him? Uh, you can tell us. We’re scientists, not crazy fanboys.
Nathan Fillion: All right, fine. I’m him.
Raj: And you’re eating alone at a deli. I don’t buy it, you’re not him.
Nathan Fillion: I just wanted to eat my lunch in peace. But I really am him. And thank you very much for being a fan. If you want, uh, let’s take a picture.
Leonard: That would be great.
Raj: Great.
Leonard: Yeah, thank you.
Nathan Fillion: You bet.
Raj: Wait, hang on. If you’re really Nathan Fillion, what’s the line from Firefly about your bonnet?
Nathan Fillion: I swear by my pretty floral bonnet, I will end you.
Leonard: That’s it, that’s the line.
Raj: Although, I knew the line, doesn’t make me Nathan Fillion.
Nathan Fillion: Do you want the picture or not?
Raj: I want a picture with Nathan Fillion.
Nathan: How about a picture with a guy who looks like Nathan Fillion but a little more annoyed than Nathan Fillion usually is?
Leonard: What do you think?
Raj: Ah, it’s good enough for Facebook.
Scene: The comic book store.
Leonard: I can’t believe they did that.
Penny: I know, it’s so insulting. At one point, they had me figure out how to get a banana out of a puzzle box.
Leonard: Wait, Sheldon gave me a banana in a box. He was testing me, too.
Penny: Unbelievable.
Leonard: And how could a chimp even solve that? That was impossible.
Penny: Really? You couldn’t get it out?
Sheldon: Thank you.
Amy: Wow, the store looks great.
Leonard: So you guys were testing us both? What is the matter with you?
Penny: Eh, what’s the matter with them is they think they’re so smart they don’t care if they hurt other people’s feelings.
Amy: That’s not true.
Sheldon: That sounds like us. I still don’t understand why you’re upset. You solved every puzzle faster than all of the chimps.
Amy: Well, except Barnabas, but he was on Adderall.
Howard: I’m sorry, but it’s making me crazy.
Bernadette: Can you please just let it go?
Sheldon: Oh, I can help you with that. Imagine you’re holding an ordinary pen. While your favourite pen is safe and secure in your pocket.
Howard: Hold that thought. (On phone) Hello?
Amy: How can I make this up to you?
Penny: The answer’s in this puzzle box. Let’s see if you can open it.
Stuart: You could have at least warned him about the furniture.
Raj: That’s what I said when we moved it.
Bernadette: You helped him?
Raj: No, Stuart picked out those throw pillows all on his own.
Leonard: Hey, you okay?
Howard: No.
Leonard: What’s wrong?
Howard: My mom died.
Bernadette: What?
Howard: Uh, that was my aunt. Ma took a nap. She never woke up.
Bernadette: Oh, my God, Howie.
Leonard: I’m so sorry.
Raj: What can we do?
Howard: I don’t know.
Sheldon: May I say something?
Leonard: Not right now, Sheldon.
Sheldon: But I think it would be comforting.
Leonard: Buddy.
Howard: No, it’s okay. What?
Sheldon: When I lost my own father, I didn’t have any friends to help me through it. You do.
Penny: I really thought he was gonna say let it go.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj (on phone): Okay, thanks, Bernadette. Travel safe. Okay, bye. Well, they’ve booked a flight. They’re heading to the airport now.
Penny: How’s Howard holding up?
Raj: He’s hanging in there.
Leonard: How are you doing, Stuart?
Stuart: Still can’t believe she’s gone. I mean, that woman took me in. If it wasn’t for her, I, I would have been homeless.
Amy: One of us would have taken you in.
Stuart: Yeah, I don’t recall any offers. But, you know what, uh, I, I’m glad it worked out the way it did because I got to know this wonderful person.
Raj: Yeah. Mrs. Wolowitz was pretty special. When I first moved to America, Howard was my only friend and she made me feel so welcome in her home. Which says a lot, because, those first few years, she thought I was the gardener.
Penny: Whenever I saw her, she’d say I was too skinny and try and feed me.
Amy: She did that to me, too.
Penny: Don’t take this away from me.
Sheldon: I didn’t care for her yelling. But now that I’m not going to hear it again, I’m sad.
Leonard: If you want, I can yell at you later.
Sheldon: It won’t be as good.
Leonard: Let’s have a toast. To Mrs. Wolowitz. A loving mother to all of us. We’ll miss you.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Amy: I just read about an experiment designed to see if you could make two people fall in love in a matter of hours.
Leonard: That doesn’t sound right. My research has shown that it takes three to five years of shameless begging.
Penny: Honey, neither of us comes off good in that story.
Raj: Yeah, I, I, I saw that article you’re talking about. Uh, the participants ask each other a series of questions designed to promote intimacy.
Amy: And then they finish it off by staring into each other’s eyes for four minutes.
Sheldon: Oh, that’s nonsense. I proclaimed my love for you. And the last time I looked into your eyes was when you thought you had conjunctivitis.
Amy: Other than the fact that I had it, that was a magical night.
Penny: Raj, would you ever try an experiment like that with Emily?
Raj: What? I don’t need science to win her heart. I have my family’s wealth for that.
Leonard: I’m telling you, you can’t create love in a few hours. Right?
Penny: Oh, careful. You’re poking at the whole foundation of The Bachelor.
Sheldon: Yeah, but we don’t have to debate this. We’re scientists. We can conduct our own research. I propose that we imprison two street people and…
Amy: No.
Sheldon: You didn’t even let me finish.
Amy: Forget it.
Sheldon: So, you can experiment on all the apes you want. But I want to manipulate the emotions of two captive human beings, suddenly I’m the monster.
Raj: Why don’t you just do the test?
Sheldon: In the interest of science, I’d be willing to.
Penny: What? You’re okay with an experiment where you have to answer awkward questions about your innermost feelings?
Sheldon: Yes.
Penny: Please, can I do it with him? Please?
Leonard: I’ve been listening to Sheldon’s feelings on things for ten years. Tag, you’re it.
Raj: Yeah, but what if the experiment works?
Penny: I’m not gonna fall in love with Sheldon.
Amy: That’s what I said. Before I knew it, he pontificated his way right into my heart.
Sheldon: Uh, fun fact, pontificate comes from the Latin word pontifex, which means bridge builder or Pope.
Leonard: In love yet?
Credits sequence.
Scene: The hallway. 
Sheldon: Just out of curiosity, Penny, if this experiment does make us fall in love, would you drive me to Lake Geneva, Wisconsin for Gary Con? It’s the only convention celebrating the life and work of Gary Gygax, the co-creator of Dungeons and Dragons.
Penny: You know what? I can honestly say if we fall in love, not only will I drive you there, I will buy you all the dragon T-shirts you want.
Sheldon: Okay, babe, let’s do this.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: You guys are really being calm about Penny and Sheldon doing this thing. If it were me I’d, I’d be a little nervous.
Amy: Why?
Raj: Well, even if the study’s nonsense, I don’t believe in tempting fate. Same reason I wouldn’t use a Ouija board, or pick a fight with an Asian guy. He probably doesn’t know karate, but why risk it?
Amy: I think we’re safe.
Raj: Well, that’s what the bullies at Bruce Lee’s high school thought. And then, bam. Karate.
Leonard: Well, are we just gonna sit here while they do the experiment?
Amy: The two of us could do it.
Leonard: Yeah, sure, that might be fun.
Amy: What’s the first question?
Raj: Hang on. Okay. Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?
Leonard: Hmm. I can honestly say Penny.
Amy: Oh, then I choose a janitor, ’cause I’m about to throw up.
Leonard: I’m in love. Let’s do something else.
Raj: Ooh, uh, Emily gets off work soon. Why don’t the four of us go out?
Leonard: Okay.
Amy: Sounds good.
Leonard: Should we call Howard and Bernadette?
Raj: I don’t know what time their plane gets in, but let me, let me shoot them a text.
Amy: Did he say anything about the funeral?
Raj: Not much, but he seemed to be in a pretty good place.
Scene: An airport baggage desk.
Howard: Are you kidding me? You lost my mother’s ashes?
Baggage Clerk: No, I’m just saying that sometimes bags are misrouted.
Howard: All right, fine. Where did you misroute the only woman who ever loved me? The first, well,
first, I meant first.
Clerk: I just need some information. Uh, what’s the flight number?
Bernadette: Eight sixteen.
Howard: I really did mean first.
Bernadette: Just drop it.
Clerk: And can you describe the bag?
Bernadette: Um, well, it’s, uh, black. There’s a red ribbon tied to the handle.
Howard: The world’s greatest mom is in the shoe compartment.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: You ready to begin?
Penny: Yup. Be right there. I assume you don’t want wine.
Sheldon: Correct. You’re not supposed to drink alcohol when operating heavy machinery.
Penny: What heavy machinery? Let’s just start.
Sheldon: Well, as a Texas gentleman, I’m inclined to say ladies first. Although, I’m concerned that level of politeness and charm might make you fall in love with me before the test even begins. Perhaps we should flip a coin. Or if you’re familiar with the rules of Rock, Paper, Scissors…
Penny: Question one. Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?
Sheldon: Hmm. Living or dead?
Penny: Just says anyone in the world. I guess that means living.
Sheldon: Ah, that’s just as well. As much as I’d love to meet Euclid, inventor of the geometric proof, he probably wore sandals and I cannot look at toes during dinner. Oh, I know, the person I’d most like to have dinner with is myself.
Penny: You sure that’s your choice? ‘Cause I’ve had that dinner.
Sheldon: Well, I haven’t. And while they say never meet your heroes, I just don’t see how I could disappoint. Who would you choose?
Penny: Robert Downey, Jr.
Sheldon: Oh, I didn’t think of Iron Man. You know, maybe after myself and I have dinner, we can meet you two for dessert.
Scene: Raj’s car.
Raj: So, what do you guys want to do?
Amy: Well, we’re the ones tagging along, you pick.
Emily: Ooh, have you ever been to an escape room?
Leonard: What’s that?
Emily: Um, it’s kind of like interactive theatre, except you have to solve puzzles in a certain amount of time to get out. There’s one downtown where they trap you in a room with a zombie.
Raj: Oh, so kind of like what’s happening with Penny right now.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: What would constitute a perfect day for you?
Penny: Uh, well, I’d probably sleep in, do a little yoga, then lie on the beach while cute cabana boys brought me drinks and probably get a massage and then cap off the night with some dancing.
Sheldon: That’s it?
Penny: Yeah, why?
Sheldon: You didn’t mention Leonard.
Penny: He’s there.
Sheldon: I don’t think so. Leonard can’t stand yoga, the beach, massages or dancing.
Penny: Yeah, well, he brought a book, okay? What’s yours?
Sheldon: Uh, I wake up. Uh, I enjoy some French toast with butter and syrup. Uh, then a wormhole opens, and whisks me millions of years into the future where my towering intellect is used to save the last remnants of mankind from a predatory alien race.
Penny: Interesting, you didn’t mention Amy.
Sheldon: Who do you think made the French toast with butter and syrup?
Scene: An escape room.
Woman in lab coat: You’re about to enter the lab of the late Dr. David Saltzberg. While conducting studies on slowing the aging process, there was a catastrophic accident and he died. Or did he?
Leonard: Ladies?
Emily: Are you being polite or scared?
Leonard: Yup.
Emily: Ah, what a room!
Amy: Oh.
Leonard: This is cool.
Amy: So, how do we start?
Emily: We have to look for the clues hidden around the room.
Raj: Uh, wasn’t there supposed to be a zombie?
Zombie: Uuuuuuuh!
Raj: Ooh. Okay, let’s hope one of the clues is written on a pair of clean underwear.
Scene: The Baggage Claim.
Clerk: Mr. and Mrs. Wolowitz? As far as I can tell, your bag arrived in Los Angeles.
Bernadette: So, where is it?
Clerk: I don’t know, perhaps somebody took it off the carousel by mistake?
Howard: So, some stranger has my mom? Is that what you’re telling me? My poor mother can be anywhere in Los Angeles right now?
Clerk: I, I wish I was telling you that. Um, but the passenger could’ve gotten on an international flight.
Howard: Oh, okay, great. So, your entire job is to find lost luggage, and you’ve narrowed down the location of my mother to the planet Earth.
Clerk: I’m sorry. W, would 500 frequent-flyer miles help? That could get you to Sacramento.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?
Penny: Well, not to steal from the Bible, but turning water into wine sounds pretty good.
Sheldon: I don’t think you’re taking this seriously.
Penny: Come on, I’m just having some fun with you.
Sheldon: I believe what you’re doing is using humour to avoid vulnerability.
Penny: Fine. Honestly, if I could have one quality, I wish I could be as smart as you guys.
Sheldon: Ha. Keep dreaming.
Penny: Sheldon.
Shedon: I’m sorry. That was me having fun with you. Look, you may not be as, as academically inclined as are we. Yes, that’s how you say it. But, you possess an intelligence I envy. Which leads me to my answer. I would choose the ability to read people’s minds.
Penny: Well, I can’t read people’s minds. Actually, that’s not true, I can read men’s minds, but only ’cause it’s usually the one thing.
Sheldon: When are we going to get robot eyes?
Penny: You’re all alike.
Sheldon: Well, what I meant was I often misinterpret how others are feeling. Like, I can’t always tell if someone is only joking or laughing at me. You know, like, uh, if they’re mad at something I’ve done or just in a bad mood. It, it’s incredibly stressful.
Penny: Really? You always seem so confident.
Sheldon: Well, I’m not. And if I could read people’s minds, life would be so much simpler.
Penny: Well, now I wish I had the ability to make that stuff easier for you.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Penny: Wow, I just felt this wave of affection for you.
Sheldon: You sure it’s not too much Bible juice?
Penny: And the wave is gone.
Scene: The escape room.
Zombie: Brains!
Amy: Keep it down, we’re working here.
Raj: Okay, we’ve got the cipher decoded.
Emily: How’s it going with the globe?
Amy: We used the coordinates to locate the cities.
Leonard: I’m putting the city names in the grid now. I’m sure that’ll give us the code to the safe.
Zombie: Solve puzzle too fast! Slow down!
Leonard: Yup. Got the code.
Zombie: Just saying, no refund for finish early!
Scene: The baggage check.
Bernadette: Sure you don’t want to go home? When the bag’s returned, they’ll deliver it to us.
Howard: No, I’m not leaving without her.
Bernadette: All right, we’ll wait.
Howard: I could’ve driven her.
Bernadette: What?
Howard: The day she left for Florida. She asked me to drive her to the airport. I was too busy. And I made her take a cab. I was too busy.
Bernadette: There’s no way you could’ve known. Be right back. Excuse me?
Clerk: Yes?
Bernadette: You better find my husband’s mother ’cause one way or another, w e’re walking out of this airport with a dead woman.
Scene: The escape room.
Leonard: Which book are we looking for?
Raj: Uh, Origin of Species.
Leonard: Here it is. There’s a black light.
Emily: Oh, hang on.
Raj: Oh, okay. Uh, brothers and sisters I have none, but this man’s father is my father’s son. Who am I looking at? Yeah, yeah, we get it, you want brains. Calm down.
Amy: Well, if I don’t have a brother, my father’s son is me. And if I’m this man’s father, then he’s my son. The answer’s son.
Emily: Ooh. There’s a picture of the sun over there.
Leonard: I bet the key’s behind it.
Zombie: Could be somewhere else.
Emily: Oh, got the key.
Amy: So, that’s the key to the door? That’s it?
Leonard: We spent two hundred dollars on six minutes of fun?
Raj: It’s like when you bought that remote-controlled helicopter, and it just flew away.
Emily: Sorry, guys. Really thought the puzzles would be better.
Amy: Well, to be fair, we do all have advanced degrees.
Zombie: Remember that before you post on Yelp.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not having told someone?
Sheldon: So, it would be today? Huh. Well, I suppose there’s something satisfying about dying on my birthday.
Penny: Today’s your birthday?
Sheldon: Yes.
Penny: Well, that’s always been a secret. Not even Amy knows.
Sheldon: Well, I don’t enjoy presents. And the thought of people jumping out and yelling surprise fills me with more dread than the words George Lucas Director’s Cut.
Penny: So, why did you finally tell me?
Sheldon: The point of the experiment is to be completely honest with each other.
Penny: Well, thank you for sharing it with me. I won’t tell anyone.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Penny: That is so funny. I never would have pegged you for a Pisces.
Sheldon: You’re making it difficult to love you right now.
Scene: The baggage check.
Clerk: Great news, your bag was returned.
Howard: Oh, thank God. It’s okay, she’s here. Ma’s here.
Bernadette: Okay, thank you so much.
Howard: Ma? I’m sorry I didn’t take you to the airport. I just want you to know that I’ll never forgive myself for being so selfish. And I promise to keep you close for the rest of my life.
Bernadette: Oh, no. That thing’s gonna end up in my bedroom.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: That’s it. We’re done with the questions.
Penny: All that’s left to do is stare into each other’s eyes for four minutes without talking.
Sheldon: Okay. Wait, hang on. Bladder check. We’re good to go.
Penny: You ready?
Sheldon: Yes.
Penny: And begin. This is kind of creepy.
Sheldon: We’re not supposed to talk during this part.
Penny: Sorry.
Sheldon: This is kind of creepy.
Penny: Do you want to stop? I know you have trouble with eye contact.
Sheldon: Well, you have a brown fleck in your right iris that looks like a Formula One race car. So I’m just concentrating on that. Plus, it’s easier around people that I’m comfortable with.
Penny: Aw, sweetie, I’m comfortable around you, too.
Sheldon: Of course you are, I’m warm and soothing. I’m like a human bowl of tomato soup.
Penny: I meant more like a little brother.
Sheldon: Oh. Well, I suppose I do think of you as a sister. And sometimes, a mother.
Penny: It’s getting creepy again.
Sheldon: What?
Penny: Just thinking about the day I met you and Leonard.
Sheldon: It was a Monday afternoon. You joined us for Indian food.
Penny: Can you believe it’s been eight years?
Sheldon: Yeah, and you’re still eating our food.
Penny: I can’t remember a time you guys weren’t in my life.
Sheldon: I remember it perfectly. But I have an eidetic memory. If you’re interested, I also remember how much you owe us for the food.
Penny: That’s it. That wasn’t so bad.
Sheldon: No, it wasn’t. Uh, now let’s tabulate the results of the experiment. I think it’s safe to say that you’re not in love with me and I’m not in love with you. And psychology has once again proved itself the doofus of the sciences.
Penny: Well, maybe. But I’m still glad we did it. I do feel closer to you.
Sheldon: And I, you. And yes, that’s how you say that. Yeah, so, given our newfound intimacy, I’d say we have some hard choices to make.
Penny: Like what?
Sheldon: Gary Con, do we fly or drive? Do we wear costumes? And if so, who gets to be Gary?
Scene: The hallway.
Sheldon: Thank you for walking me home.
Penny: I just want to make sure you get there safe.
Sheldon: Well, this is me. It’s been a very interesting evening.
Penny: It really has.
All: SURPRISE!
Sheldon: Aah! And after I let you be Gary.
 								
			
				Scene: The stairwell.
Leonard: I was unstoppable. I mean, I was, I was on fire. It was like my mind and my body were totally connected, like, like athletes must feel when they’re in the zone.
Penny: Again, it was miniature golf.
Leonard: Admit it, you’re a little turned on.
Penny: You can’t be this proud.
Leonard: Why not?
Penny: Because I beat you.
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: Hi.
Sheldon: Oh, good. You’re back.
Amy: We have some exciting news.
Leonard: Okay.
Sheldon: As you know, Amy and I have been together a long time, and a lot of things I never thought possible now seem possible.
Penny: Okay.
Amy: After a careful evaluation of our relationship, we decided that the time was right to take a step forward.
Leonard: Okay.
Sheldon: Do you want to say it?
Amy: Let’s say it together.
Together: We’re getting a turtle.
Penny: This is why I’ve been saying we should keep champagne on ice.
Sheldon: Sarcasm?
Amy: Yes.
Sheldon: Okay. That was tricky, ’cause when it comes to alcohol, she generally means business.
Leonard: Well, we’re, we’re very happy for you.
Penny: Yes.
Amy: Thank you. Acquiring a joint pet is a big step for us.
Sheldon: No. It’s true. It means that we care so much about each other, there’s enough left over for an eight-ounce reptile.
Leonard: Why a turtle?
Sheldon: After much deliberation, we’ve determined that a turtle is the ideal pet. They don’t shed fur, they don’t make noise.
Amy: For Halloween, we can dress him as a cobblestone.
Sheldon: Yeah. And if he ever goes berserk, I know I can outrun him. Coincidentally, that’s also why I chose you as a roommate.
Leonard: Well, congratulations. Who would’ve thought you two would be the first in our group to start a family?
Penny: Mm-hmm.
Amy: That’s what I said.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Emily’s apartment.
Raj: So, where’s your roommate tonight?
Emily: Well, I thought it was a little unfair that she’s always here, and you never get a chance to stay over, so I killed her.
Raj: But remember our agreement? You can joke about murdering people, but you have to say just kidding.
Emily: And the more important thing to remember is that I’d never hurt you. Oh, crap. I have to run over to the hospital and check on a patient.
Raj: That’s okay. I can come back later.
Emily: No. No, don’t be silly. I won’t be gone long. Just stay here.
Raj: Okay, cool. Oh, and you’re sure your roommate’s not gonna come back while I’m here alone, right? ‘Cause that’ll be awkward.
Emily: Oh, don’t worry. She’s in Palm Springs.
Raj: Oh, good.
Emily: Well, her torso is. Just kidding. I put her in a wood chipper.
Scene: A pet store.
Sheldon: Oh, dear Lord. Oh, dear Lord.
Amy: It’s okay. You made it. We’re fine.
Sheldon: That was a lot of puppies.
Amy: Let’s forget about them, and pick ourselves out a nice turtle. Oh, how about this one up on the log?
Sheldon: Oh, I don’t know. He kind of looks like a jerk. How about this one?
Amy: Well, he’s barely moving. He looks half dead.
Sheldon: I know. I like him, too. Hi, little guy. How’d you like to come home with us? You’ll be living with me because we don’t live in the same house.
Amy: But that’s not your fault. Like you, we’re taking it ridiculously slow. You’ll stay with me when he’s at Comic-Con or away for work.
Sheldon: Or if they accept Daddy’s application to live on Mars.
Amy: What are you talking about?
Sheldon: Oh, there’s this company that’s attempting to establish a colony on Mars, and I applied to be among the first to go. What should we name him? You know, I came in thinking Seth, but he kind of looks Italian.
Amy: You applied for a mission to be a colonist on another planet, and couldn’t be bothered to tell me?
Sheldon: Would you have approved?
Amy: Of course not.
Sheldon: Well, based on your reaction, it looks like I made the right choice. Isn’t that right, Giuseppe?
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Hey, hey. Listen, I, I have a little confession to make.
Penny: Aw, is this your first time?
Leonard: No, I got you something for Valentine’s Day, and I was too embarrassed to give it to you.
Penny: Well, why?
Leonard: Well, ’cause I got it at the dirty store.
Penny: You went to the dirty store without me?
Leonard: In sunglasses and a hat after I parked two blocks away.
Penny: Well, get it. Get it for me.
Leonard: Yeah?
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: Okay, uh, well, I hope it’s fun. I mean, it, it comes with paints, and, and it’s kind of creative and artistic.
Penny: Okay, did you go to the dirty store or Michaels?
Leonard: No, no. We cover ourselves in body paint, and then, then we get on this big canvas and do our thing.
Penny: Whoa, that’s kind of a big step for a guy who only recently agreed to take his socks off.
Leonard: You’re making fun of me. Forget it.
Penny: No. No, come on, I want to do it.
Leonard: Really?
Penny: Yeah, let’s you, me, and your very, very pale feet make some art. Hey, when you got back to this store, I want to go with you.
Leonard: Okay, but it’s a drive, the one I went to is in San Diego.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: How are the taxes going?
Bernadette: Okay. But you got a lot of receipts for the Lego store in here.
Howard: Those are business expenses. You can write those off.
Bernadette: A two hundred dollar R2-D2 is a business expense?
Howard: Oh, Bernie, you’re gonna have to sound a lot more confident when we get audited. (On phone) Hey, what’s up?
Raj: Oh, Emily ran back to the hospital, so I’m just hanging out at her place. What are you, uh, what are you doing?
Howard: Just playing video games while Bernie does the taxes.
Raj: What are you, a little kid? Is she gonna cut your dinner into little pieces, too?
Howard: She doesn’t have to, I filled up on jelly beans.
Raj: So, uh, what game are you… Oh. Crap.
Howard: What’s wrong?
Raj: I can’t get Emily’s night-stand to close.
Howard: So?
Raj: She’s gonna know I was looking in it.
Howard: Why were you looking in it?
Raj: Well, there’s a question I better have a good answer to before she gets back.
Howard: Okay, calm down. There’s probably something jammed behind it. Just, uh, pull it out and see what’s there.
Raj: Hang on. Oh no. Oh, no. Oh, God, no.
Howard: You know what, you sound busy, I’m gonna let you go.
Raj: Dude, the whole front came off. Now she’s gonna know I was snooping.
Bernadette: What’s happening?
Howard: Raj was snooping through Emily’s drawers and broke one.
Bernadette: Aw. I’m gonna miss her.
Scene: Penny’s bedroom.
Penny: So what do you think?
Leonard: I thought it’d be a little more, just more.
Penny: I’m not even sure why we were out of breath. Uh, I mean, did we move at all?
Leonard: Maybe along the z-axis, but x and y are looking pretty sad.
Penny: Okay, come on. We are not old boring people. We can do better than this.
Leonard: Uh, Th, that’s true. How late did we stay up last night?
Penny: Almost 1am.
Leonard: Damn straight, almost 1am. And we weren’t even watching TV. We were watching Netflix, like the kids do.
Penny: Yeah, is it a comedy? Is it a drama? Nobody knows. Now, come on. We are gonna do this.
Leonard: Yeah. You get the paint, I’ll rest for 30 to 40 minutes, and then we do this.
Scene: The stairwell. 
Sheldon: I can’t believe you almost had me bring a wild animal into my home.
Amy: No one told you to poke the turtle’s face.
Sheldon: I was playing Got Your Nose. That’s how you get children to like you.
Amy: I’m surprised you even care if he likes you, since you’re planning on leaving the planet the first chance you get.
Sheldon: Ugh, this again. Amy, I’ve already had one new hole torn in my body today. I don’t need another one.
Amy: Sheldon, I know the odds of you even going to Mars are incredibly small, but it still hurts that you would volunteer for something that would take you away from me forever.
Sheldon: So you’re saying you wouldn’t leave me for the chance to be one of the first humans to colonize another planet?
Amy: I would at least mention it before filling out the application.
Sheldon: Huh, that’s exactly what Leonard, Wolowitz, Koothrappali, Bernadette and Penny said.
Amy: And who says you could even survive an interplanetary mission, anyway? You could barely survive a tiny turtle bite.
Sheldon: First of all, this has only made me stronger. But beyond that, all I did was fill out an application.
Amy: You know what? Go to Mars, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Is there anything I can do to cheer you up?
Amy: No. Forget it.
Sheldon: What if I play the Star Trek theme on my nose?
Amy: Please don’t.
Sheldon: Yep, you’re mad.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment. Howard is on the phone to Raj.
Howard: Okay, let me see the damage.
Raj: Hang on.
Howard: Well, I think you broke the dowels. You’re not gonna have time to glue it back on, you’ll have to nail it.
Raj: With what?
Howard: Does she have any pillows or wine glasses?
Raj: She does.
Howard: Great. Neither of those. Try a hammer.
Raj: Did that feel good? You feel like a big man now?
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: I was going to make you red zinger, but since Mars is the red planet, I went with peppermint.
Amy: Why do you even want to do this?
Sheldon: Actually, as part of the application, I was required to make a short video answering that very question. You want to see it?
Amy: Can’t you just tell me?
Sheldon: But I made a video.
Sheldon (on video): I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper, and I’d like to tell you why I should be chosen to go to Mars. I’m exceedingly smart. I graduated college at 14. While my brother was getting an STD I was getting a PhD. Penicillin can’t take this away. Being in close quarters, cleanliness is important and my hygiene is impeccable. In fact, animals don’t trust me because I smell like nothing. Literally nothing. During the seven-month space flight, I can keep up morale with my wacky sense of humour. Hey, Leonard, is there any peanut brittle left in that can?
Leonard (on video): You mean this weirdly suspicious one?
Sheldon (on video): Yes. Open it and check.
Leonard (on video): I don’t get it. There’s actually peanut brittle in… Please go to Mars.
Sheldon (on video): But on a more serious note, the most important reason I want to go to Mars is that I believe, as a scientist, it’s my duty to push the boundaries of human knowledge forward. Now, I know that life on Mars will be difficult. But life here on Earth is no picnic. Also, picnics are no picnic. Where should we go for lunch? Oh, I know, the ground. In conclusion, thank you for considering me for this journey of a lifetime. To Mars.
Sheldon: Afterwards, Leonard blew his nose, and pie came out.
Scene: Penny’s bathroom.
Leonard: Right there, right there, Oh, God, that’s it.
Penny: How did you get paint in your eye?
Leonard: Because you wouldn’t let me wear safety goggles.
Scene: Emily’s bedroom. Raj is still on the phone with Howard.
Raj: This looks terrible. She, she’s gonna know.
Howard: It’s fine. You just need two more nails.
Raj: Okay, where should I put them?
Howard: In Emily’s eyes.
Raj: You’re not helping.
Bernadette: Well, maybe this is what you get for snooping.
Raj: You know, it, it’s bad enough that I have to deal with this…
Emily: Raj? I’m back.
Raj: Oh, no. Hey.
Emily: Hi.
Raj: How was the hospital?
Emily: Fine. What were you doing in there?
Raj: Uh w, well, okay, look, I, I don’t want to lie to you. I got curious, I was looking around and I broke the drawer on your night stand.
Emily: You were looking in my night stand?
Raj: Yeah.
Emily: So, the first time I leave you alone, you snoop on me?
Raj: You’ve never snooped around my apartment?
Emily: No.
Raj: Come on, think back. It would really help if you had.
Emily: I can’t believe you don’t trust me.
Bernadette: She sounds really mad.
Howard: We should hang up.
Bernadette: Yeah, we should.
Howard: But we’re not going to, are we?
Bernadette: Not a chance.
Howard: What happened to snooping is wrong?
Bernadette: Howard, you’re going to jail for tax fraud. Who cares?
Scene: Penny’s bedroom.
Leonard: Well, we did it.
Penny: We sure did.
Leonard: I mean, I was on fire. I, I was in the zone, like an athlete.
Penny: Sweetie, I beat you at this, too.
Leonard: So, where do we want to hang it?
Penny: What? Are you kidding? We’re not hanging it.
Leonard: But it’s an expression of our love.
Penny: And our butts. Not hanging it.
Leonard: Seems a shame to throw it away.
Penny: Yeah. We could give it to Sheldon, and tell him William Shatner painted it.
Leonard: God, I love you. I love you so much.
Scene: The apartment. 
Amy: I think I’m gonna go home.
Sheldon: Why? I really don’t understand what’s happening here.
Amy: You know, Sheldon, at any other time, learning that you had plans to go live on Mars would be a slow news day. But a couple of hours ago, we were getting a turtle. And silly as it sounds, I thought that meant something.
Sheldon: Amy. Oh, why didn’t I give her Sleepy Time tea? Amy, wait. Getting a turtle meant a great deal to me, too.
Amy: Sure. Unless something better comes along.
Sheldon: Do you want me to withdraw my application?
Amy: What I want is for us to be planning our future together.
Sheldon: And in that future, are we on the same planet? Because I’ve seen people make the long-distance thing work.
Amy: We’re on the same planet.
Sheldon: Okay. Does that planet have to be Earth?
Amy: Are you asking me to go to Mars with you?
Sheldon: I am. Yeah, if I’m going to a barren, lifeless environment where the chances of survival are slim to none, I want you there with me. Why don’t we go back to the apartment, and fill out your application?
Amy: Okay. I suppose being the first people on a new planet would be incredibly exciting.
Sheldon: Oh, I know. We could be the first to plant a flag on Mars. We could be the first to watch Mars Attacks! on Mars. We could be the first to say good lord, what on Mars are you talking about?
Amy: You know, we could also be the first people to procreate on Mars.
Sheldon: You just can’t keep it in your space pants, can you?
Amy: Think about it. If we had a family there, our kids would be Martians.
Sheldon: They would, wouldn’t they? We could give them cool Martian names. And we could teach them about Martian history. Like, who planted those flags? And, uh, where did that copy of Mars Attacks! come from?
Amy: I guess we’ll have to make a new video together, as a couple.
Sheldon: Good idea. And since you’ve had such a rough day, I’m gonna let you throw the pie in Leonard’s face.
Scene: Emily’s bedroom.
Raj: Thank you for forgiving me.
Emily: That’s okay. At some point, we were bound to have our first fight.
Raj: Well, it almost happened when you called my apple pie crust doughy, but the truth is you were right, and I was just angry at myself.
Emily: Can I ask you one thing?
Raj: Of course. What?
Emily: Did you look in my closet?
Raj: No. Just the drawer.
Emily: You promise you didn’t look in the closet?
Raj: I promise. Why, what’s in there?
Emily: Don’t worry about it. Good night.
 								
			
				Scene: The lobby.
Sheldon: Two one six four two zero one nine eight nine. And that, little lady, is pi to a thousand places.
Amy: I’d say I’m sorry I asked, except I didn’t.
Sheldon: Oh, look, it’s the Scientific American that covered the paper Leonard and I wrote.
Amy: Oh, let me see.
Sheldon: I have mixed feelings about doing interviews. I like the part where I talk. I do not like the part where the other man talks.
Amy: Sheldon, this article doesn’t mention Leonard at all.
Sheldon: Well, that can’t be right.
Amy: It only refers to Dr. Cooper and his team. Did you even talk about him?
Sheldon: All I did was answer a few questions about the theory. And then expressed my gratitude that Scientific American doesn’t include any of those smelly perfume cards.
Amy: Poor Leonard.
Sheldon: Why? The theory he came up with just got mentioned in Scientific American. He ought to be thrilled.
Amy: He might not be.
Sheldon: Oh, maybe you’re right. He is kind of a lump.
Amy: Think about it. How would you feel if you were referred to as part of Leonard’s team?
Sheldon: Oh, I’d be incensed.
Amy: So you see what I’m getting at?
Sheldon: Squeaky wheel gets the grease?
Amy: No.
Sheldon: Grass is always greener?
Amy: Try again.
Sheldon: Well, I don’t know, we’re all Groot? Just tell me.
Amy: Leonard is as much a part of this paper as you are, and he was overlooked. He’s going to feel bad.
Sheldon: But it wasn’t my fault. I didn’t exclude him. And I didn’t write the article.
Amy: Remember that time you didn’t get picked to pull the sword out of the stone at Disneyland and they let that other kid do it?
Sheldon: Oh, that kid. Poor Leonard.
Amy: Exactly.
Sheldon: For the record, that kid was a terrible choice. If you cry when you drop your churro, you do not have what it takes to rule England.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Howard’s car.
Howard: Thanks for helping us sort through all my mom’s stuff.
Raj: Of course. I know what it’s like having to go through a loved one’s possessions. My uncle was a worshipper of Krishna. But after he died, you know what we found? A statue of Shiva. It may not be Crips and Bloods, okay? But in India, it’s a thing.
Bernadette: Well, it’ll be good that you’re there. Howard’s been having trouble deciding what to keep and what to let go.
Howard: Well, it’s hard. A lot of Ma’s stuff brings back fond memories.
Bernadette: Is that why you couldn’t get rid of her drawer full of ketchup packets?
Howard: Yes. It reminds me of us eating out and her saying quick, nobody’s looking, fill your pockets with ketchup.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Leonard? Have you ever noticed that only my name is on the cable bill?
Leonard: Yeah.
Sheldon: Good, good. And your name is on the electric bill and mine isn’t. And I’m okay with that.
Leonard: Actually, your name is on the electric bill.
Sheldon: Oh, right. This is a disaster.
Leonard: I don’t even know what you’re talking about and I agree.
Sheldon: Okay, I have to tell you something, but you’re not going to like it.
Leonard: What’s going on?
Sheldon: An article was just published in Scientific American about our theory.
Leonard: Did they hate it?
Sheldon: No. No, they loved it. They, uh, couldn’t say enough nice things about it.
Leonard: So what’s the problem?
Sheldon: You know how the PennySaver only has my name…
Leonard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: They didn’t mention you in the article. Only me.
Leonard: Really?
Sheldon: I know. It’s not fair. Let the anger go, buddy. You just, you relax all your muscles. Except for your pubococcygeus and anal sphincter. Let’s keep those tight.
Leonard: Uh, that, that’s not necessary.
Sheldon: It is. They’re what hold back the urine and the faeces. Look, maybe, maybe you shouldn’t read it. It’ll only make you feel worse.
Leonard: Cooper and his team?
Sheldon: You should know I had nothing to do with that.
Leonard: Uh, at least they’re talking about the theory. I mean, that’s what’s important.
Sheldon: You know, you’re right. Yeah. You know, it’s like when Stan Lee and Steve Ditko created Spider-Man. Stan Lee may get all the credit, but Steve Ditko knows he was just as important. Even though Stan Lee gets to be in all the Marvel movies. And. and he’s far richer. And he’s a household name, you know? Whereas, you know, you say Ditko, and that sounds like a company that makes Dits.
Leonard: That’s not helping.
Sheldon: Well, I’d give more examples, but, well, everyone in your position’s so forgettable.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s House.
Howard: Stuart, we’re here.
Raj: It’s nice of you to let him keep staying at your mom’s house.
Howard: Yeah, well, I tried putting him out on the curb, but nobody took him.
Stuart: Hey. Just so you know, the power’s out.
Bernadette: What happened?
Stuart: I called, they said a transformer blew. It’s the whole block. Should be fixed by tomorrow.
Howard: Wait, when did it go out?
Stuart: In the middle of the night.
Howard: Oh, my God.
Bernadette: Howie, what’s wrong?
Howard: It’s all defrosting.
Bernadette: It’s okay. It’s just food.
Howard: It’s not just food. This is the last food my mother ever made. This is her last brisket. This is her last meatloaf. This is her last. I have no idea what this is, but it’s the last one.
Raj: Everything okay?
Howard: No. All Ma’s food is gonna be ruined.
Bernadette: Well, why don’t we take it home and put it in our freezer?
Raj: You don’t want to do that. Refreezing not only removes moisture, but it creates ice crystals in the fibres of the meat that can compromise its taste and texture. What? I saw a teachable moment. I dropped some culinary science.
Bernadette: What should we do?
Howard: I’ll tell you exactly what we’re gonna do. We’re gonna eat it.
Bernadette: There’s, like, twenty pounds of food in there.
Howard: All you said was I had to get rid of things. You didn’t say they couldn’t pass through my colon first.
Bernadette: Howie.
Howard: Okay. Then how about this? Let’s invite everyone over to dinner. It’ll be like Ma’s feeding us one last time.
Bernadette: I love that.
Raj: Me, too. Oh, look, we’ve got enough ketchup to cover every ounce of it.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: I mean, who even reads Scientific American?
Leonard: It’s kind of a big deal.
Penny: If it’s such a big deal, how come the biggest celebrity they could get for the cover is a molecule?
Leonard: Can we please just stop talking about it?
Penny: I’m sorry. What can I do?
Leonard: Nothing, I’m fine.
Penny: No, no. I’m gonna cheer you up. Here we go.
Leonard: What are we doing?
Penny: I am taking you shopping.
Leonard: Oh.
Penny: My baby is sad, and I’m gonna make him happy again.
Leonard: Look, I know shopping cheers you up, but it’s just not really my thing.
Penny: Well, what about this helicopter you control with an iPad?
Leonard: Does it have a camera in it?
Penny: It does have a camera in it.
Leonard: Baby’s listening.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard?
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: I spoke to the reporter at the magazine.
Leonard: What happened? Did you tell him it was my idea?
Sheldon: I did.
Leonard: Thank you. What did he say?
Sheldon: He said they made the editorial decision to only cite the lead scientist.
Leonard: Why did he think you’re the lead scientist? It was my idea.
Penny: You know, for an extra four bucks, I can have this thing here tomorrow.
Sheldon: Well, I know it was your idea, but the reporter said he’s been following my work for a while, and the only reason they even mentioned it in the magazine is ’cause my name is on it.
Penny: You know what? I did it. What’s four bucks?
Leonard: If you’re trying to make me feel better, it’s not working.
Sheldon: Well then what if I told you that I added your name to the cable bill?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Oh. That’s just as well. They had me on hold for 20 minutes and I hung up. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? Also, Wolowitz invited us all to dinner, so I’m ready whenever you are.
Scene: Amy’s car.
Sheldon: All he had was an idea.
Amy: Well, that is an important part.
Sheldon: Oh, please. I have ideas all day long. Reverse SeaWorld where dolphins are allowed to pet people. A new clothing size between medium and large called Marge. Snow White retold from the point of view of Sneezy. Why won’t Doc prescribe him something? We finally find out.
Amy: But Leonard’s idea was good.
Sheldon: Fine. Then Grumpy, what’s he so grumpy about? Maybe his girlfriend won’t take his side.
Scene: Penny’s car.
Leonard: I’m the one who thought of it.
Penny: Well, didn’t he do a lot of the work?
Leonard: Yeah. But now he’s happy to let people think he’s responsible for everything.
Penny: And that’s why you get an iPad helicopter.
Scene: Amy’s car.
Sheldon: Is it my fault I have a much bigger reputation than he does?
Amy: It’s not your fault.
Sheldon: Is it my fault that my name came first on the paper alphabetically?
Amy: Not your fault.
Sheldon: Is it my fault that when the reporter cited me as the lead scientist I didn’t correct him?
Amy: Hey, look at that pretty bird.
Scene: Penny’s car.
Leonard: He always needs all the attention. He’s such a baby.
Penny: I know, I know.
Leonard: I swear, he is never ever playing with my helicopter.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s kitchen.
Raj: Okay, I’ll start heating some of this stuff up.
Bernadette: Thanks.
Howard: Oh, man. This is the boutonniere from my high school prom. A piece of cake from my Bar Mitzvah.
Bernadette: Did she throw anything away?
Howard: No. If I find my foreskin, I’m gonna kill myself.
Raj: Okay, so we’ve got, um, three briskets, four meatloafs, one lasagna.
Howard: No, that’s noodle kugel.
Raj: One Jewish lasagna, two pound cakes that are about eight pounds each, and one giant container of matzoh ball soup.
Howard: Ma always kept it on hand, in case I got sick. She thought she could cure anything with her cooking. Even the time I got food poisoning. From her cooking.
Bernadette: You okay?
Howard: Yeah, I’m okay. Let’s get started.
Raj: You got it.
Howard: I’m never gonna talk to her again.
Bernadette: Should we tell everyone not to come?
Howard: No. I want to do this.
Bernadette: Okay. Well, I’ll keep it together if you can.
Howard: Okay.
Raj: I’m not making any promises.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s living room.
Stuart: Glad you guys could make it.
Leonard: Of course.
Penny: Wow, it looks really pretty in here.
Stuart: Yeah, turns out half a dozen menorahs really sets a mood.
Leonard: So, Stuart, have you thought about what you’d do if Howard sells the house?
Stuart: And there goes the mood.
Sheldon: Hi. Hello. Oh, and a special hello to Leonard, who needs to be mentioned by name.
Leonard: Subtle.
Sheldon: But you got it, right?
Howard: Hey, guys.
All: Hey. Hi. Hello.
Howard: I just want everyone to know, uh, tonight’s not a sad occasion.
Bernadette: Yeah, we just want to have the kind of dinner that we’ve all had here so many times before.
Howard: Good food, good friends, and sometime around midnight, heartburn that makes you pray for death.
Amy: Do you need any help in the kitchen?
Bernadette: No, we got it. You guys make yourselves comfortable.
Penny: All right, hey, you two, we’re here for Howard right now, okay?
Amy: Yes, so please behave yourselves.
Leonard: Fine.
Sheldon: Of course.
Stuart: So I heard you two, uh, wrote a paper together. How’s that going?
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s dining room.
Penny: This food is amazing.
Raj: Mm, and not a vegetable in sight.
Howard: That’s not true. We’ve got tomatoes right here.
Amy: All these bright people sitting around a table by candlelight. Feels like we could be an 18th century French salon.
Sheldon: Indeed. Penny, a salon is a gathering where intellectuals entertained each other with sparkling conversations about issues of the day.
Penny: Oh, so it’s like The View.
Amy: Sheldon, The View is a daytime talk show hosted by women.
Sheldon: Oh, I’m aware. It features Whoopi Goldberg. She played Guinan on Star Trek: Next Gen. Penny, Next Gen refers to Star Trek…
Penny: Shut up.
Raj: I would like to propose a salon topic.
Amy: Ooh, please do, Rajesh.
Raj: The lead in The Hunger Games is a woman. Marvel has made Tor a female.
Penny: Wait, who’s Tor?
Raj: You know, Tor, the God of Tunder. As I was saying, is this a sign that our society is approaching gender equality?
Howard: Certainly a lot more women are reading comic books now.
Stuart: It’s true. At the store, I had to put a seat on the toilet.
Amy: We won’t know if there’s equality until female Thor has a baby and the Avengers are cool with her pumping breast milk at work.
Howard: I wonder if only a baby who is worthy can suckle at the bosom of Thor.
Penny: Okay, new salon topic. Salons, dumb thing from a long time ago or interesting thing made dumb by talking about superheroes? Discuss.
Sheldon: I don’t believe it matters what the topic is. What’s crucial for a salon is that we conduct the discussion in an elevated and insightful way. It’s all about the execution.
Leonard: Of course you’d focus on that rather than the inspiration. Uh, new salon topic. What’s more important, an idea or its execution?
Bernadette: Oh, that’s fine.
Sheldon: Yeah, good for you, Leonard. That’s a lovely little notion. Kind of like, I wish I could talk to my uncle in Chicago. Yeah, now stand back while I invent the telephone. Hello? Oh, hold on. Leonard, it’s your uncle. He says you just got burned.
Amy: Sheldon.
Penny: Guys.
Leonard: No, it’s okay. We’re all adults trying to have an intelligent discussion. At least I am. Howard, what do you think?
Howard: Well, I guess, as an engineer, I lean towards execution. I spend my days trying to take ideas and make them real.
Sheldon: Well said, old chap. I thought eloquence had died, here it stands before us. Starting today, it’ll go Gettysburg Address, I have a dream, and what he just said.
Leonard: Oh, now he’s a genius? All you ever do is make fun of him and engineering.
Sheldon: Leonard, please. His mother just died.
Leonard: You’re being ridiculous.
Sheldon: Yeah, so are you.
Penny: Guys, if I wanted to hear people be bitchy, I’d go to my real salon.
Sheldon: Leonard, lots of people could’ve had that idea, but very few people could’ve worked out the math the way I did.
Leonard: Lots of people also didn’t have that idea, like everyone in the entire world except for me.
Sheldon: Oh, well, apparently Leonard thinks he’s better than everyone in the whole world, including those fighting for our freedom. Yeah, well, I don’t know about you, but I support our boys overseas.
Amy: And girls.
Sheldon: Hey, you already ruined Thor, give it a rest.
Leonard: So I’m just supposed to be okay with you hogging all the credit?
Sheldon: I didn’t hog anything. Unlike you and that weird lasagna with raisins in it.
Leonard: You want some of this? I’ll give you some.
Bernadette: Hey. Sheldon, Leonard, living room, right now!
Sheldon: She said my name first, that must kill you.
Bernadette (off): I don’t know what you think you’re doing, but this is a very difficult time for my husband. We’re eating the last food his mother ever made, and you were gonna throw it at each other like children? Whatever it is you’re fighting about, put it aside, go back in there and be a good friend to Howard or there’s no dessert for either of you. Look at me when I’m talking to you. And don’t think…
Howard: You guys ever notice sometimes Bernadette sounds like my mom?
Amy: I don’t hear it.
Raj: No, not at all.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s living room.
Penny: I don’t think I’ve eaten that much in my entire life.
Howard: It’s why my people wandered the desert for 40 years. Took that long to walk it off.
Sheldon: You see, Penny, the Israelites were in the desert…
Penny: Shut up.
Ra: So glad you two are done fighting.
Leonard: Right now, I’m just trying to burp without throwing up.
Sheldon: Hang on. Physics Today mentioned the paper.
Stuart: What’d they say?
Amy: Who cares? Did they mention Leonard?
Sheldon: They did.
All: Yay.
Bernadette: Good news, I found more Tums.
All: Yay.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: Leonard, I’ve been working on an opening joke for our lecture at Berkeley.
Leonard: Oh, I like to laugh. But say it anyway.
Sheldon: Okay, um, what do you say to a graduate of the UC Berkeley physics department? I’ll have fries with that. Because his education hasn’t prepared him for a career in the sciences.
Penny: You know, when they chase you out of there, you only have to run faster than Sheldon.
Amy: Are you all set for your trip?
Sheldon: Yeah, I think so. I just restocked the old PRK.
Penny: PRK?
Leonard: Public restroom kit. Everything a boy needs for making pee pee in new and strange places.
Sheldon: I don’t see what’s crazy about bringing a backpack with your own toilet paper and Purell.
Leonard: Keep going.
Sheldon: And rubber gloves, uh, air freshener. Um, noise-cancelling headphones. Oh, danger whistle. Um, pepper spray. Ooh, a multi-language occupied sign. Uh, let’s see, we have seat protectors, uh, booties for my shoes, a clothespin for my nose. Oh, and a mirror on a stick, so I can make sure the person in the stall next to me isn’t some kind of weirdo.
Penny: You still worried some Berkeley girl is gonna steal him away?
Amy: Yes, who do you think gave him the danger whistle?
Credits sequence. 
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Sheldon: Would you like to play a physics car game I invented called I Can’t Spy? It’s all the nail-biting tension of I Spy but the added fun of subatomic particles and waves outside the visible spectrum.
Leonard: If it’s half as much fun as One Times Ten to the Fourth Bottles of Beer on the Wall, I’m in.
Sheldon: I’ll begin. Uh, I can’t spy with my little eye something passing right through us.
Leonard: That soy Frappuccino I had.
Sheldon: Will you please play the game? I can’t spy with my little eye something passing right through us.
Leonard: I don’t know, um, if 65 billion solar neutrinos pass through a square centimetre every second, given the surface area of this car is about 60,000 square centimetres, that means 3.9 times ten to the 15th solar neutrinos?
Sheldon: I don’t want to play anymore.
Leonard: We haven’t been on a road trip in a while. This is fun.
Sheldon: We get it, you won the game. Stop bragging.
Leonard: No, listen, we wrote a paper together. Now we get to go to a university and talk about it? That’s pretty cool.
Sheldon: I suppose it is. In fact, if you’d like to celebrate with a little music, I’d be okay with that.
Leonard: What? This road trip just got crazy.
Sheldon: Play that funky music, white boy.
Leonard: I’m surprised you know that reference.
Sheldon: What reference?
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Bernadette: So, I put stickers on everything we’re gonna sell. We just need help taking it all out to the driveway.
Amy: Can I be in charge of pricing? I’ve been going to garage sales my whole life. Can you believe I got these pantyhose for a nickel?
Howard: All right, Amy’s in charge of pricing and being 75.
Raj: Hey, Penny, can you give me a hand with this?
Penny: Sure. Oh, we had one of these growing up. I used to play all the time.
Raj: Oh, yeah? I love Ping-Pong.
Penny: Oh, I meant beer pong.
Amy: I had a table, too, but I didn’t have any friends, so all I did was serve.
Bernadette: You know, you can leave one side up and play against it.
Amy: And if I had a friend, they might have told me that.
Howard: Excuse me. Why is there a sticker on this? It’s my TARDIS from Doctor Who. I was planning on moving it in the house.
Bernadette: I think you just answered your own question.
Howard: Come on, one day, this may double in value and be worth half what I paid for it.
Bernadette: Sweetie, we have a lot to do. We don’t need to decide this right now.
Howard: Well, I guess as long as you’re keeping an open mind.
Bernadette: Of course.
Scene: Leonard’s car. “Play that funky music, white boy” is playing on the stereo.
Sheldon: So they’re requesting that the white boy play the funky music, yes?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: And this music we’re listening to right now is funky as well?
Leonard: Sure.
Sheldon: Let me ask you this. Do you think this song is the music the white boy ultimately plays?
Leonard: It could be.
Sheldon: So it’s like the musical equivalent of Russell’s Paradox, the question of whether the set of all sets that don’t contain themselves as members contains itself?
Leonard: Exactly.
Sheldon: Well then I hate it. Music should just be fun.
Leonard: Making great time. Gonna be there pretty early.
Sheldon: Will our hotel room be ready?
Leonard: I doubt it.
Sheldon: Aren’t you worried that sitting in the lobby for a long period of time might attract the attention of the hotel detective?
Leonard: If we do, we’ll just tell him to hit the bricks, see?
Sheldon: Seems a little confrontational, but all right. You know, we won’t be very far from Skywalker Ranch.
Leonard: Oh, that’s true. It’s not like we can get in there.
Sheldon: Why not?
Leonard: I don’t think George Lucas put his headquarters in the middle of nowhere because he wanted people dropping in.
Sheldon: Yoda’s swamp was in the middle of nowhere. Tatooine was in the middle of nowhere. Hoth was in the middle of nowhere. That’s code, Leonard. He wants us to drop in.
Leonard: We do have time. I mean, we could drive by and just look at it.
Sheldon: Yes. Oh, I’m so excited. And I just can’t hide it.
Leonard: I’m about to lose control, and I think I like it.
Sheldon: What are you talking about?
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house. 
Penny: So when do you guys think you’re gonna move in?
Howard: We’re still figuring how much remodeling we want to do.
Bernadette: It’s tricky finding the right balance between tasteful modern and Jewish mother tchotchke crapfest.
Amy: Have you made a decision about the TARDIS? I think I can sell it if we call it Big British Porta-Potty.
Howard: We’re not selling it, it’s mine.
Bernadette: You can’t just decide. How about I arm-wrestle you?
Howard: That’s not fair. It’s like me challenging you to a sexy pants contest.
Raj: You could play Ping-Pong for it.
Howard: I would do that.
Bernadette: How is that fair? You grew up with a table.
Howard: Yes, but I mostly used it as a battlefield in an ongoing war between the Transformers and the ThunderCats for control of a bra I had found in the woods.
Penny: Bernadette, for every episode of Doctor Who Leonard has made me sit through, I will play on your behalf and send that TARDIS back to Gallifrey, where I hate that I know it belongs.
Bernadette: Yes, Penny plays for me.
Howard: That’s not fair, she has upper body muscles.
Raj: Dude, three-time Sanskriti School for Well-Born Boys badminton champion.
Howard: That’s right, okay, Raj can play for me.
Amy: Ooh, you just chose champions. It’s like we’re re-enacting the ancient German practice of trial by combat.
Penny: Yeah, it’s also like when the Mountain fought the Red Viper in Game of Thrones.
Bernadette: Leonard makes you watch that, too?
Penny: No, no, I like that show. It’s got dragons and people doing it.
Howard: So it’s settled. The fate of Doctor Who’s TARDIS will be decided by a Game of Thrones inspired death-match on the battlefield of ThunderCats versus Transformers.
Amy: If you still have that bra, I’ll give you a nickel for it.
Scene: Leonard’s car. 
Sheldon: There it is. It’s just a gate. On a road.
Leonard: Wasn’t even that hard to find.
Sheldon: This is so amazing.
Leonard: I know. You want to get a picture?
Sheldon: I want more than a picture. I want to go in.
Leonard: Well, so do I, but they’ll never let us.
Sheldon: Is that the attitude that helped you get Penny?
Leonard: No, but I don’t have three years to make that gate feel sorry for me.
Sheldon: There’s a speaker box. Drive up, push the button, and let’s see what happens.
Leonard: Okay, yeah. What do we have to lose? I’m a little nervous.
Sheldon: Well, get over it. Confidence is key in these situations.
Leonard: Right.
Sheldon: You pushed it, are you out of your mind?
Voice: May I help you?
Leonard: Um, uh, uh, uh, we don’t have an appointment, and, and we don’t belong here, but we, we’re, like, crazy-big fans. I mean uh, buh, buh, crazy for Star Wars crazy, not crazy like we have a backpack full of duct tape, although we do have a backpack that you really don’t want to look in.
Sheldon: You’re blowing it. We want to meet George Lucas and become his friends and play with him.
Voice: Hello? This speaker’s not working, just pull up.
Leonard: And that’s how it’s done.
Scene: The same, further inside the ranch. 
Sheldon: All right, we’ve defeated the first challenge. Now we must steel ourselves to face the monster who defends the gate.
Leonard: We’re trying to get past a security guard, not rescue Zelda.
Sheldon: I think what really needs to be rescued is your sense of whimsy, but one quest at a time. So what’s the plan?
Leonard: Uh, I’m just gonna be honest with the guy.
Sheldon: Honesty will never get us in.
Leonard: Well, what’s your plan?
Sheldon: All right, my plan is predicated on the assumption that they have a nurse’s office and your willingness to be lightly stabbed.
Security Guard: Who are you here to see?
Leonard: Uh, I’m just gonna tell you the truth.
Sheldon: Oh, you are killing me.
Leonard: We don’t have an appointment. We, we’re just fans of Mr. Lucas’s work, and we thought we’d take a shot and see if we could get in and look around.
Security Guard: Sorry, guys, we get this a lot. Can’t let you in.
Sheldon: What if I told you that I was the voice of Yoda? A recording session I must attend.
Leonard: I’m sorry, don’t listen to him. We’re actually physicists. We’re giving a lecture at Berkeley later today. We just, we had some time to kill.
Security Guard: Hey, listen, you seem like decent guys. I can’t let you in, but I got some hats and T-shirts I can give you.
Leonard: Thank you so much. See? Maybe honesty is the best… What are you doing?
Sheldon: Shedding the yoke of my oppressors, you blind, sad little man.
Security Guard: Don’t move. Code A-A-23, A-A-23.
Voice: Copy.
Sheldon: I can see the ranch, Leonard. Oh, it’s rustic, it’s lovely. I’d take a picture, but people are chasing me. I’m gonna make it. I’m gonna make it. They have Tasers, but they wouldn’t dare use… Aaaaaaagh!
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house. 
Howard: Come on, Raj. You are the King Kong of Ping-Pong. You are the menace of table tennis. Put her away, ’cause I don’t have a third one. Yes. Woo.
Amy: Rajesh eight, Penny four.
Penny: Sorry, he’s really good.
Bernadette: Hey, Raj. if Howard can’t keep the TARDIS, how great would it look at your place?
Raj: What?
Howard: Yeah, what?
Bernadette: I don’t know much about Doctor Who, but if, um, you were to put this right outside your front door and open up the back, it would be like your entire apartment was the inside of the TARDIS, which is pretty cool ’cause on the show, the inside of the TARDIS is bigger than the outside. But then again, I don’t know much about<i> Doctor Who.
Howard: Don’t listen to her. You and I go way back, we’re like brothers.
Raj: We are. We are. Oh, no. What a terrible serve. Sorry, brother.
Amy: Eight-five.
Howard: This is ridiculous. I want a new champion. Amy, were you serious about being able to serve?
Amy: Uh, it, it’s been a long time. I don’t know. I’m probably pretty rusty.
Penny: Wow.
Howard: She’s my champion.
Bernadette: Well, if you can switch champions, so can I. I want Raj.
Penny: Hey.
Bernadette: Oh, come on, like you even care.
Penny: I care. Oh, wait, no, I don’t. Good luck, Raj.
Howard: You know, I thought our friendship meant more to you.
Raj: So did I.
Scene: An office in Skywalker Ranch. 
Sheldon: Do you think they’re gonna call the police?
Leonard: I don’t know. Maybe they’ll call Imperial Officers to take us to a holding cell on the Death Star.
Sheldon: Oh, I think that’s below the pay grade of an Imperial Officer. Stormtroopers are really the ones who…
Leonard: Oh, shut up.
Nerdy Guy: He’s right. Uh, Stormtroopers actually combine both the function of infantry and military police.
 
Leonard: Uh-huh, I’m normally very nice, but you shut up, too.
Sheldon: So, what are you in for?
Nerdy Guy: Honestly, I just wanted to meet Mr. Lucas and say thank you. You know, growing up, the movies had such an impact on my life. I never really fit in anywhere. Till I discovered the worlds he created and finally found a place where I belong.
Sheldon: But why are you here?
Nerdy Guy: Oh, I, uh, I hopped a fence, and they caught me in the sculpture gallery making out with a Chewbacca statue.
Sheldon: Excuse me. Leonard, they have a sculpture gallery.
Security Guard: All right, I talked to my supervisor, and we’re gonna let you go with a warning. But if you ever come back, we will call the police and press charges.
Leonard: We understand. Thank you so much.
Nerdy Guy: Uh, what about me?
Security Guard: No, you’re not going anywhere, kissy face. Let’s go. I have to take your picture to post at the guard gate.
Sheldon: Uh, one question about that picture. Can it be with George Lucas? Ooh, grumpy you are.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Howard: Okay, this is the match that decides it all. First to 11 wins. Serve switches every five points. And just so you know, when this started, I was going to put the TARDIS in a discreet corner of the house, but I’ve since turned mean, and now it’s going right in the middle of the living room on a rotating platform with a sign that says suck it. Game on.
Bernadette: Except, Raj is gonna win. Isn’t that right, Raj?
Raj: Uh, yeah, I mean, her serve was pretty good.
Bernadette: Come on, get in her head. Be intimidating.
Raj: Okay, uh, I’m gonna own you, bitch.
Penny: Whoa.
Bernadette: Hey.
Amy: That’s not nice.
Raj: Let’s just play.
Howard: One-zero. Two. Three. Four. Five-nothing. Wait, did you play badminton or sad-minton?
Bernadette: Don’t listen to him, all she’s got is a serve. Now, grab a fresh tampon and put her away.
Raj: What, and that’s not offensive? Where’s the line?
Penny: It’s in your purse. Play.
Bernadette: One-five. Two-five. Three-five. Four-five. Five-five.
Howard: Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten-five.
Bernadette: Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten-ten.
Amy: Well, that was an exciting 40 seconds.
Howard: It was, and now the serve is back to you, and the game is over.
Bernadette: You know, Amy, I, uh, can’t help but wonder how Sheldon would react if the TARDIS was at your place.
Howard: Don’t listen to her, just hit the ball.
Amy: Keep talking.
Scene: Amy’s apartment. 
Bernadette: If this doesn’t get him into your bedroom, nothing will.
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: Are you still mad at me?
Leonard: Yes, we missed our lecture, we were almost arrested, and you got me locked in a room with a man who forced his tongue down the throat of a stuffed Wookiee.
Sheldon: Boy, some people are just glass-half-empty.
Leonard: The glass is empty, Sheldon. It’s completely empty. If you gave that glass to a man who was dying of thirst, he would be dead, do you know why?
Sheldon: Before I answer, was he a smoker? I think you’re looking at this all wrong.
Leonard: Fine, then tell me how I should be looking at it.
Sheldon: Well, not only did we go to Skywalker Ranch, we got in. And no one we know can say that. And for all the times you find me irritating, today you got to watch someone shoot me with a Taser.
Leonard: That part was pretty good.
Sheldon: See?
Leonard: You did flop around a lot.
Sheldon: I’ll take your word for it. I was too busy trying not to defecate.
Leonard: You know, when they were escorting us to the detaining room, I looked through a door, and I’m pretty sure I saw a display case with the Ark of the Covenant.
Sheldon: That’s amazing.
Leonard: I know.
Sheldon: And I saw Jabba the Hutt riding by on a motorcycle. Although that was right after the Tasing, so who can say for sure?
Leonard: I guess this could count as an adventure.
Sheldon: It was. And even though we’re not allowed back there, they can never take today away from us. Unlike my sense of smell, which hasn’t returned since the Tasing. No, I got nothing.
Scene: Amy’s bedroom. 
Sheldon: Amy, the Daleks are right on my tail, quick, we need to reset the time circuits. Oh, no, I left my sonic screwdriver behind.
Amy: Really should have thought this through.
 								
			
				Scene: The cafeteria.
Raj: You’re wrong.
Howard: No, I’m not.
Raj: Yes, you are.
Howard: No, I’m not. Settle this. Those little animated pictures on the Internet, are they called gifs or jifs?
Leonard: Well, the G stands for graphics. That’s a hard G, so I’d say gif.
Raj: The guy who invented it says it’s jif.
Howard: I’m sorry, do you mean the guy or the juy?
Sheldon: Well, I’ll give you three guesses why I’m so irritated.
Howard: Something happened different from the way you wanted it.
Sheldon: I guess news travels fast. It’s true, a select group of scientists was invited to a weekend symposium at a former home of Richard Feynman, and I wasn’t included.
Leonard: Oh, Sheldon, I’m sure it’s not because they don’t think you’re an elite scientist.
Howard: Yeah, I bet you anything it’s just ’cause you’re a pain in the ass.
Sheldon: You’re just saying that to make me feel better.
Leonard: Look, you can spend the rest of the day being bitter about this.
Sheldon: Agreed.
Leonard: I was gonna say or, but why bother?
Credits sequence.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Bernadette: Hey, Raj.
Raj: Hey, I got you a little gift.
Bernadette: Oh, that’s a lot of Girl Scout Cookies.
Raj: You know me. I’m from India. I can’t resist children begging. So, how’s it going with the title to the house?
Howard: Great, it’s all done. The lawyer tracked down my father and got him to sign it over. I didn’t have to meet him, I didn’t have to talk to him, I don’t even know where he is.
Raj: Wow, so you’re not curious at all?
Howard: Nope.
Raj: Hmm. What if he’s in prison? What if he’s a spy? What if he’s in a Beatles cover band? I’m just saying, if he’s got your nose and haircut, he’d make a killer Ringo.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Wil Wheaton: Thanks again for agreeing to do this.
Penny: Oh, it’s cool, I’ve never been on a podcast before.
Leonard: Well, you picked a good one to start. Wil’s had lots of great guests. Jonathan Frakes, Brent Spiner, Michael Dorn, Gates McFadden.
Penny: Those are Star Trek people.
Leonard: Yes.
Penny: I only figured that out because I’ve never heard of any of them.
Wil: I deserve that. I invited you on my show and I drove here.
Penny: Sorry.
Wil: Okay, so, this is basically gonna be just like a little talk show. Uh, we’re gonna take some calls, we’ll talk about what it was like on the set of Serial Ape-ist 2. It should be really fun.
Leonard: This is exciting.
Penny: Yeah, so, how many people listen?
Wil: Most people download it later, but usually a few thousand people listen live.
Penny: What? A few thousand people listen to you talk about nerd stuff?
Wil: Again, right in the ears, straight to the feelings.
Scene: The apartment. 
Amy: Can you please pass the salt?
Sheldon: Sure. It’s not like I was invited to Richard Feynman’s house and have anything better to do.
Amy: Is this how the rest of the night’s going to be?
Sheldon: I don’t know the future. Do you think there’s a chance that an asteroid could hit the Earth, destroying Feynman’s house and everyone in it?
Amy: No, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Then buckle up, you’re in for a cranky night.
Amy: According to the codicil of the Relationship Agreement which you insisted upon, we’re not allowed to pout or be moody on date night.
Sheldon: You know I just put that in because of uterus stuff.
Amy: Well, it applies to you, too.
Sheldon: I was afraid you might bring this up, so I have a work-around. There you go. As far as you’re concerned, I’m smiling. Although, I must admit, I’m smiling a little bit at the moment because this loophole is so brilliant.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Raj: So, Bernadette, have you thought about how you’re going to redecorate this place?
Bernadette: You know, I’m thinking ripping up the carpets, maybe lose the wallpaper, all new light fixtures.
Raj: You know, if you knocked out this wall, it would give you an open floor plan, and then, it’s a little scary, but could be fun, indoor fire pit.
Howard: Hey, I grew up in this house, okay? No one’s knocking anything down.
Bernadette: Okay, okay. When he’s at Comic-Con, I’m bringing in a wrecking ball.
Howard (answering door): Can I help you?
Guy at door: Hi. Are you Howard Wolowitz?
Howard: Yes.
Guy: Um, this is a little weird, but a lawyer was trying to contact my father, because his name was still on the title for this house.
Howard: Wuh, uh, who’s your father?
Guy: Sam Wolowitz.
Howard: Sam Wolowitz is my father.
Guy: I know.
Howard: Well, wait, so if we have the same father, are, are you saying you’re my half-brother?
Guy: I think so.
Howard: Bernadette, weird things are happening out here.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Penny: I think I started to suspect it was a bad movie when I looked at the script and saw the title, Serial Ape-ist 2: Monkey See, Monkey Kill.
Wil: Uh, spoiler alert, after the monkey sees, it kills.
Leonard: Psst.
Wil: I’ve just been handed a note. I’m going to read it. Wil, do you want more Diet Coke? Also, we have juice.
Leonard: I, I didn’t want to interrupt.
Wil: Uh, that voice you just heard belongs to Leonard, Penny’s fiancé. Uh, Leonard, why don’t you grab some headphones and join us?
Leonard: Really?
Wil: Yeah.
Leonard: Hey, great.
Wil: So, while Leonard gets set up, let’s take a call. Hello, caller, you are on with Penny and Wil from Serial Ape-ist 2.
Caller: I don’t have a question. I just want to say I’m a big fan of the movie. I’ve seen it, like, ten times.
Penny: Okay, well, I’ll apologize for the first time, but the other nine are on you.
Wil: Thanks a lot, caller. You know that the movie actually has a little bit of a cult following.
Penny: Really?
Wil: Yeah. I was at a science-fiction convention, and I saw a woman dressed as your half-ape character.
Leonard: Oh, if she was with an Indian guy dressed like a banana, that was just my friends, Howard and Raj.
Wil: All right, it’s time for a very special guest caller, a friend of mine, who you probably know as the director of such movies as Clerks, or from podcasts and books where he often reminds you that he’s the guy who directed Clerks. Hello, Kevin Smith.
Kevn: Hey, man, yo, is everything okay, Wil? ‘Cause it’s been, like, two minutes and you haven’t even brought up Stand By Me.
Penny: Hey, Kevin. It’s really exciting to talk to you.
Leonard: It really is.
Kevin: Oh, you guys are very sweet. So, Penny, listen, I saw your movie.
Penny: Oh, wow. I wish it was better.
Wil: Oh, don’t worry about it. Have you seen some of Kevin’s films?
Kevin: You’re cruisin’ for a beatin’, Wheaton. Anyway, man, I dug the ape movie, Penny. And I thought you were, like, really great in it.
Penny: Aw.
Wil: You know, I’m in the movie, too.
Kevin: Yeah, whatever. Penny. Penny, how come you’re not in more stuff, man? I’d cast you in a minute.
Penny: Seriously?
Kevin: Oh, yeah, man. I’m actually in pre-production on a movie right now. Way different than anything I’ve ever done before. It’s called Clerks 3. You should come over and read for a part.
Penny: Oh, my, I would love that.
Leonard: You have a new job.
Penny: Well, maybe I can do both.
Leonard: I don’t think you can do both.
Penny: I don’t think I asked you.
Kevin: Yeah, you tell him, Penny.
Leonard: Stay out of it, Kevin Smith.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: Do you think there comes a point in life when it stops feeling bad to be left out of things?
Amy: Probably not. It’s an evolutionary advantage to be included in group activities.
Sheldon: You know what? I used to be a fan of evolution, but I’ve since evolved, and now I think it’s dumb.
Amy: Being left out is a terrible feeling. No one understands that better than I do.
Sheldon: Hey, look at that. Even in your example, you’re all by yourself.
Amy: When there was a lice epidemic at my school, everybody got it except me. I tried to fool everyone by sprinkling sugar in my hair, but I just got attacked by bees.
Sheldon: I can just picture them all right now at Feynman’s house, probably discussing Schrodinger and at the same time, not discussing Schrodinger. See? They’re missing out on hilarious jokes like that.
Amy: And at the same time, not.
Sheldon: It reminds me of when my stupid brother and sister would build forts in the living room and wouldn’t let me in. I hated that so much.
Amy: You know, there’s nothing I can do about getting you invited to the symposium, but if you wanted, we could build a fort.
Sheldon: Isn’t that a little juvenile?
Amy: More juvenile than this?
Sheldon: I’ll get the blankets. You Google how to have childlike fun.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Howard: You know what, I’m being a bad host. Let me get some more coffee.
Bernadette: Oh, let me do it, Howard.
Howard: No, I got it.
Bernadette: So, Josh, what do you do?
Josh: I’m studying oceanography down in San Diego.
Bernadette: Oh, how nice. I loved Finding Nemo.
Raj: Enough chitchat. How do we know you are who you say you are?
Josh: Why would I lie?
Raj: Okay, you got me there. You here looking for money?
Josh: No.
Raj: A kidney, cornea, piece of his liver?
Josh: No.
Raj: You’re in a Beatles cover band and you need Howard to replace your dad as Ringo.
Bernadette: Why don’t you help with the coffee?
Raj: Okay, but something smells fishy. And not just because you work around sea animals. That actually sounds interesting, and I’d like to learn more about it. Hey, you okay?
Howard: Not really. This guy shows up out of the blue, and now I have a brother? My father has another family?
Raj: I get it. What do you want to do?
Howard: I don’t know. I, I’d just like him to go away. I can’t deal with this.
Raj: All right, I’ve got your back.
Howard: Thank you. Come on. And I’d like to point out, this wall just provided a lot of privacy.
Josh: I can’t believe my brother’s an astronaut. That’s amazing. What was it like?
Raj: Listen, dude, it’s time for you to hit the road.
Howard: Hey, hey, the young man asked a good question.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Wil: So, for those of you just tuning in, we are listening to a really fun fight between my co-star…
Leonard: No, no, no. We’re not fighting, we’re just having a conversation.
Wil: All right. We’re listening to a really fun conversation between my co-star from Serial Ape-ist 2 and her fiancé, who doesn’t believe women should have dreams.
Leonard: Give me back that juice.
Penny: What is the harm if I audition?
Leonard: Well, what if you get it?
Penny: I don’t know, I make a movie, become rich and famous, win an Oscar, a Golden Globe and live an incredibly wonderful life.
Leonard: From a Kevin Smith movie?
Kevin: Oh, I’m hanging up now.
Wil: Don’t you listen to him, buddy. You’re awesome. You’re one of the greatest directors of our time.
Kevin: I don’t have a part for you, Wheaton.
Wil: And that was Kevin Smith.
Penny: Thanks a lot.
Leonard: I’m just trying to protect you. How many times did I see you get your heart broken trying to make it as an actress?
Penny: Okay, instead of protecting me, why don’t you try being excited when something good happens?
Leonard: I’m always excited for you. I’m excited that you found this new job where you’re making decent money.
Penny: Decent? I make twice what you make.
Leonard: Wait, twice?
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: Like, times two twice?
Wil: For those of you at home, Leonard just found out his fiancée makes way more money than he does. Let’s listen.
Leonard: I went to school for half my life. I have a doctorate. I’m still paying off college loans.
Penny: Well, how much do you owe? Maybe I can help you out.
Leonard: Wil, can we just turn off the podcast for a little bit?
Wil: For those of you at home, I am shaking my head no.
Scene: The apartment. Including fort.
Amy: How’s it going, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Wonderful. I just finished hanging the lights.
Amy: Can I come in?
Sheldon: Yes, oh, but enter through the side. Batman is a load-bearing blanket.
Amy: Amazing.
Sheldon: I know. This isn’t the printout. This is my real face.
Amy: What are we doing? This is a fort. Let’s sit on the floor.
Sheldon: Roughing it? Okay. Everything looks so big from down here. This must be how Leonard feels.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Howard: I’m surprised you could hear me with this Thin Mint in your ear. Yeah, pretty cool, huh?
Josh: Yeah. Anyway, I should probably get going.
Bernadette: Howie, have you noticed how often people say that when you start to do magic?
Josh: Sorry, I have a long drive.
Howard: Well, I hope I get to see you again.
Josh: I hope so, too. I’ve always dreamed of having a brother to play catch with.
Bernadette: Keep dreaming.
Howard: Hey, I threw out the first pitch at an Angels game.
Josh: Wow.
Bernadette: He did it with a robot.
Josh: You had sex with a robot?
Howard: That’s not what she meant.
Raj: But technically, yes.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Leonard: Hang on, if you’re making all this money, where is it?
Penny: In a safe place.
Leonard: What does that mean, under your bed?
Penny: No, it means a diversified portfolio of stocks and bonds. I’m not overly conservative. I’m young, so my guy said I can afford to take some risks.
Leonard: Wait a minute, you have a guy?
Penny: Don’t you have a guy?
Leonard: Why would I have a guy? I don’t have any money.
Penny: Oh, sweetie, you should really get some money.
Wil: For those of you listening at home, how great is this?
Leonard: Wil, I’m begging you, just please turn that off.
Wil: Sure. And we’re back.
Penny: Leonard, why are you making such a big deal out of this? So our roles have changed a bit over the last couple years. This is the way life is. And I’m sure in time they’ll change again.
Leonard: Great, you’re not only more successful than me, now you’re more mature.
Penny: Okay, look, would it make you feel better if I did something dumb like sneak out of work one day to go audition for a Kevin Smith movie?
Leonard: That would be great, thank you.
Wil: I’m just gonna jump in here real quick. Leonard, a moment ago, you were dead set against Penny resuming her acting career, but now you’re all for it. Is it fair to say that she played you like a violin?
Leonard: Yes, it is, Wil.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitz’s house.
Josh: So, I have to ask, was the robot sexy?
Howard: It was actually just a mechanical hand.
Josh: ‘Cause that’s all you need, right?
Howard: You are my brother.
Scene: The fort.
Sheldon: Okay, so the final four forts in the first annual best fort ever contest, or fort off, are, Fort Knox, Fort Ticonderoga, Fort Sumter and Fort Cozy McBlanket.
Amy: I’d say, Knox over Ticonderoga, ’cause it’s got the gold.
Sheldon: Mm-hmm.
Amy: And McBlanket over Sumter ’cause it has a higher thread count. Oh. Ten o’clock. Date night’s over.
Sheldon: Wait, no. We haven’t picked a winner.
Amy: We both know this one’s gonna win.
Sheldon: Well, of course we do. Fort Knox doesn’t have a secret physics lending library.
Amy: Come on, I’ll help you take this down.
Sheldon: Well, wait. What if, just this once, we suspend the date night parameters and you stay later?
Amy: Well, as long as we’re suspending the parameters, I could stay really late and we could have our first sleepover.
Sheldon: That’s a big step.
Amy: It’s a big fort.
Sheldon: Very well. I will agree to a family-friendly, G-rated, boy-girl sleepover.
Amy: PG. Some scenes may be too intense for younger viewers.
Sheldon: G-rated, with a warning for families with babies and toddlers.
Amy: You got yourself a sleepover.
Sheldon: Do you need to borrow a toothbrush or pajamas?
Amy: Would it alarm you to know that I hid those things here two years ago just in case this ever came up?
Sheldon: It would, but you know how much I admire preparedness. How did you know we’d be in the living room?
Amy: Who says this is the only one I hid?
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Hello? What is this?
Sheldon: We built a fort.
Leonard: Are those my sheets?
Amy: Yes, they are.
Leonard: Okay. Well, you kids have fun. I’m gonna go to sleep.
Sheldon: Well, Leonard, don’t you want to see the inside of the fort?
Leonard: Yeah, I’m good.
Sheldon: Oh, come on. I really wanted to tell someone they can’t come in.
Leonard: Okay, fine. Sheldon, may I please visit your fort?
Sheldon: I want to say no, but it’s too glorious. Get in here.
Leonard: Thank you.
Amy: Okay, have a seat on the floor.
Sheldon: Not there. That’s my spot.
 								
			
				Scene: The cafeteria.
Sheldon: Hey, would you like to hear some songs I’ve rewritten to get children interested in the hard sciences?
Howard: Sure.
Leonard: Really?
Howard: Yeah. Well, I like music, I like science, I like making fun of Sheldon. Hit it.
Sheldon: There was a scientist who had a theory and James Clerk Maxwell was his name-o. J-A-M-E-S, C-L-E-R-K space M-A-X-W-E-L-L, And James Clerk Maxwell was his name-o. There was a scientist who had a theory and James Clerk Maxwell was his name-o, A-M-E-S…
Leonard: Uh, okay, okay. Uh, we, we get it.
Sheldon: Perhaps you’d prefer this one. The itsy bitsy spider is not an insect at all, because it haseight legs and two body parts.
Leonard: That’s pretty cool, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Thank you. Do either of you know Beyoncé? I’d love her to get behind it.
Raj: Hey.
Leonard: Hey.
Howard: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello.
Raj: You guys know the new Discovery class missions that NASA’s been working on?
Leonard: Yeah.
Raj: Well, they’re looking to include a message from Earth in case one of them is encountered by alien life.
Leonard: Oh. When I encountered alien life, I discovered that the key thing was not to sit in its spot.
Sheldon: All right, you can’t breathe our air without an inhaler, he’s allergic to Earth nuts, but I’m the alien.
Raj: Anyway, I’m among a handful of scientists that have been asked to submit a design proposal for the message and its delivery system.
Sheldon: Excellent.
Howard: Good for you.
Leonard: Congratulations.
Raj: And I was wondering if any of you guys would like to help me do it.
Leonard: Are you kidding? Yes. What did you have in mind?
Sheldon: I’ll tell you exactly what you should do, avoid the presumption of the Terran sensory input paradigm.
Howard: Yeah, absolutely. You need a device capable of delivering information across a wide range of perceptual modalities.
Sheldon: Any intelligent organism would at the very least need the ability to locate the position of objects in space. So the ideal interstellar lingua franca would be haptic.
Howard: Ooh, how about a 3-D tactile communicator rigged for cross-sensory transposition?
Raj: Exactly what I expected. Two people forcing their ideas on me and only one gentleman who could be bothered to ask me what my thoughts were. You two are out. Congratulations, Leonard, you’re on the team.
Leonard: My mommy raised a gentleman.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj: Hey. Thanks for coming by.
Leonard: Yeah. I’m excited to help.
Raj: I would have included the others, but you know exactly what would’ve happened. They would’ve taken over the project and bossed us around.
Leonard: I get it. Uh, just this morning, Sheldon wouldn’t let me put almond milk on my Grape-Nuts because he said it was a theoretical nut conflict.
Raj: You should have told him to mind his own business.
Leonard: Yeah. That’s better than what I did say, which was, fine, I’ll eat them with club soda.
Raj: What makes them think they’re always in charge of everything?
Leonard: Mmm, they’re alpha males.
Raj: Huh, what does that make us?
Leonard: We could be betas. They’re second in charge.
Raj: Okay, that sounds good.
Leonard: Or we could be omegas. They get pushed around by the alphas and the betas.
Raj: Okay, that sounds like us.
Leonard: Whatever. There’s no alphas here, and this is your project. You’re in charge. How do you want to start?
Raj: I don’t know. How do you want to start?
Leonard: I don’t know. Should we call Sheldon and Howard?
Raj: No. We can do this by ourselves.
Leonard: Okay. Great. How do you want to start?
Raj: I don’t know. How do you want to start?
Scene: The hallway.
Penny: (Knock, knock, knock) Sheldon. (Knock, knock, knock) Sheldon. (Knock, knock, knock) Sheldon.
Sheldon: I bet that started off as a joke, but by the third one you realized there was something strangely enjoyable about it.
Penny: Yeah, I kind of want to do it again.
Sheldon: I don’t recommend it. You’ll be doing it the rest of your life. Anyway, if you’re looking for Leonard, he’s with Koothrappali.
Penny: Uh, no, I actually came to talk to you.
Sheldon: How nice. Here are some topics that interest me, quantum mechanics, trains, flags.
Penny: No, no. It’s about my acting career.
Sheldon: Oh, sorry. That’s not on the list.
Penny: Well.
Sheldon: Oh, wait. No. How about we split the difference and discuss why Austria was an archduchy and not just a regular duchy.
Penny: Okay, look, here’s the thing. I like pharmaceutical sales, it’s going great, but I have an audition for a movie, and if I get it, it could screw everything up.
Sheldon: Hmm. I know exactly what you should do. Unfortunately, I cannot tell you.
Penny: Well, why?
Sheldon: I’m attempting to turn over a new leaf. Earlier today, it was pointed out to me that I tend to force my ideas on people.
Penny: You’re really not gonna tell me?
Sheldon: No, that train has left the station. Now, we can play this one of two ways. You can say, trains, tell me more, or you can just look at me like that and I’ll start.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Bernadette: What’s going on in here?
Howard: I am making molecular cocktails. This sphere is actually a cosmopolitan.
Bernadette: Oh. How do you drink it?
Howard: Oh, just put it in your mouth and pop it like a zit.
Bernadette: I think I’ll have a beer.
Howard: First take a picture with me.
Bernadette: Why?
Howard: Well, Raj and I always talked about learning how to make cocktails like this together, so I taught myself and I’m putting this on Instagram so he can see it and feel like a turd. Say cheese.
Bernadette: Is this about the space probe he’s working on without you?
Howard: You betcha. The very one.
Bernadette: Howard, you’re grown men. You guys don’t have to do everything together.
Howard: I know. That’s why I’m spending tonight with you.
Bernadette: Trying to hurt Raj’s feelings.
Howard: With my honeybunch.
Bernadette: You’re being childish.
Howard: No. He is. So I have a dominant personality. We all know that.
Bernadette: I’m sorry. What do we know?
Howard: In social groupings, I just naturally wind up in charge.
Bernadette: Don’t take this the wrong way, but how many of these little booze balls have you had?
Howard: You don’t think I’m a leader?
Bernadette: I was kidding. Of course you are.
Howard: Right. I couldn’t change if I wanted to.
Bernadette: You better not change, because I love who you are. Now, will you need help cleaning all this up when you’re done or can you do it all by yourself?
Howard: All by myself.
Bernadette: There’s my big boss man.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: So, often on the front of the locomotive is a large iron wedge for clearing objects off the tracks. Now, while commonly known as a cowcatcher, I prefer the more accurate cow exploder.
Penny: Okay. Sheldon, let me ask you a question.
Sheldon: Mmm.
Penny: If I was at a train station and one train could take me to my current job and the other train could take me to an audition for a movie, which train should I get on?
Sheldon: Are you using trains to trick me into giving you advice?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: All right, then. You should take a third train where you audition for the movie but hold off on making a career decision until you have more information.
Penny: Oh. You’re right. I’m worried about something that hasn’t even happened yet. Huh. You are a wise man.
Sheldon: Well, Penny, who’s smarter, the wise man or the person who comes to him for advice?
Penny: Oh, I guess you’re right. Maybe it is the person who asks.
Sheldon: No, it’s the wise man. That’s why he’s called the wise man. You know how I know that? I’m the wise man.
Penny: I’m sorry. What was I thinking?
Sheldon: Uh, just out of curiosity, why didn’t you ask Leonard for advice about this?
Penny: ‘Cause I already know what he’ll say. Wah, wah, wah, you shouldn’t do it.
Sheldon: Ah, it’s just like he’s here.
Scene: Raj’s apartment. 
Raj: Okay, so we know that previous attempts to send a message into space, like the Golden Record on Voyager, were heavily criticized.
Leonard: Well, aliens could only play the Golden Record if they figured out how to build a record player.
Raj: Eh. Although, to be fair, I watched E.T. build a telephone out of a Speak & Spell and an umbrella. Dude was like a little brown MacGyver.
Leonard: That would be more helpful if E.T. were real.
Raj: Well, my feelings were real when he was about to die.
Leonard: My God, when he’s on the table and they use the paddles on him.
Raj: And he’s all white.
Leonard: They zip him up in that bag.
Raj: And Gertie can’t stop crying.
Leonard: The flower dies.
Raj: Okay, let’s talk about something else.
Leonard: All right, so it sounds like we need a way to communicate that’s simple.
Raj: And doesn’t require outside machinery to be built to access it.
Leonard: It’s also a problem because we don’t even know if the aliens who find this can see. I mean, they might communicate in a totally different way than us.
Raj: Like when my dog is mad at me, she tells me by peeing in my slippers.
Leonard: That’s actually a valid example. Animals do deliver messages through scent.
Raj: Bees talk to each other by dancing. Whales have their songs.
Leonard: Yeah. Penny has about twenty different ways of rolling her eyes that each mean something different.
Raj: Okay, so, what it sounds like is, what we want is a device that can deliver a message through not only sight, but other senses, as well.
Leonard: The most basic sense that any space-faring civilization would have to possess is touch.
Raj: Ooh. Ooh, ooh. We could make a video-playing device that simultaneously translates the information into a tactile medium.
Leonard: All we have to do is rig up a 3-D communication system.
Raj: We, we can totally do that.
Leonard: I know.
Raj: This is great.
Leonard: Yeah, you know what else it is?
Raj: What?
Howard: Exactly what Sheldon and Howard said.
Raj: Well, thank you for peeing in my slippers.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Sheldon (singing): It’s the eye of the tiger, it’s the ear of the bat, it’s the whiskers of the catfish and the walrus.
Howard: Hang on. Not that your song isn’t terrible, it is. but how do you mention bats and leave out sonar?
Sheldon: You didn’t let me finish. And also regarding the bat, it has sonar.
Leonard: Hey.
Howard: Hello.
Raj: Look, I know you guys are upset, but we’ve talked about it, and we think it’d be beneficial for you to be part of the project.
Howard: Well, well, well, did you hear that, Sheldon?
Sheldon: I’m sorry. I was trying to think of what rhymes with nose of the aardvark.
Leonard: We want you back on the project with us.
Sheldon: Well, well, well, did you hear that, Howard?
Raj: Look, we admit it. The idea that you guys came up with was really good, and I’d love your help.
Howard: I suppose it couldn’t have been easy for you to say that.
Raj: It wasn’t, so are you in?
Sheldon: Certainly.
Howard: Sure.
Leonard: Great. Now that we’re all on the same page, let’s get together tonight and work on it.
Sheldon: Get together tonight? Leonard, stop trying to control everything, and give poor Raj a chance to come up with what we should do. Go ahead, Raj.
Raj: Okay, I think we should do it right now.
Sheldon: Tonight works better for me.
Raj: Okay.
Scene: A hallway.
Penny (voiceover): Okay, it’s just an audition. Why am I nervous? Maybe it’s a good thing. Just means I want it. And I can have it. This feels right. Why did I ever give this up? (Out loud) I’m starting to remember.
Scene: The apartment. 
Raj: So, I’d like to try a technique where no one gets steamrolled. When you talk, instead of bringing up a new idea, respect what was just said by building on it.
Sheldon: Uh, building on that, we should order dinner.
Leonard: How is that building on what he just said?
Howard: Building on what Sheldon said, I could go for Chinese.
Raj: Hang on. Building on what Leonard said, no one built on what I said.
Sheldon: Building on building on that, there’s a new build-your-own pizza place on Colorado.
Leonard: Building on that, I’d like to remind you, I’m lactose intolerant.
Howard: I saw the menu. They have soy cheese.
Sheldon: Bah, you didn’t say building on. You’re out.
Leonard: It’s not Simon Says.
Raj: Yeah, you’re missing the point, Sheldon.
Sheldon: You’re out, and you’re out. I win. Who wants pizza?
Scene: The audition room.
Girl: Penny?
Penny: Oh, hey.
Girl: Hey. I haven’t seen you auditioning in a while.
Penny: Yeah, uh, I got a job as a pharmaceutical sales rep.
Girl: You quit acting?
Penny: Well, kind of. But now I get to act like inflamed heart is only a mild side effect.
Second Girl: I heard you can make good money doing that.
Penny: Yeah, it’s going okay, but I do miss this sometimes.
First Girl: Really?
Penny: Mmm.
First Girl: ‘Cause I got to tell you, I am so sick of the humiliation and being treated like a piece of meat.
Audiitoner: Chelsea?
First Girl: Wish me luck.
Second Girl: They’re gonna love you. I heard she’s pushing 40 and everything’s fake.
Penny: Yeah. I started that rumour.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Okay, since we agree on the delivery system for the message, maybe we should talk about what the message could be.
Raj: Well, I think we should show what earthlings look like.
Howard: The plaque they sent up on the Pioneer probe had a drawing of a naked man and woman on it.
Sheldon: Yeah, I never cared for that. It’s advertising to predator races just how soft and squishy we are.
Leonard: Squeeze yourself.
Sheldon: Oh, don’t be offended. You know, of the four of us, you have the most veal-like consistency.
Raj: Well, maybe there’s a way to appear non-aggressive, but also be able to protect ourselves if necessary. Like smiling and waving with one hand, but the other hand holding the severed head of a tiger.
Howard: You want to send a passive-aggressive message out into the universe? That’s ridiculous.
Raj: Oh, you mean passive-aggressive like posting pictures of you and your wife eating cosmopolitan balls that you know belong in my mouth?
Sheldon: Perhaps Howard meant passive-aggressive like asking our group to help on your project, and then only choosing Leonard.
Raj: Look, I’m sorry I hurt your feelings, but you do have strong personalities and always end up taking over.
Howard: It’s not always.
Leonard: What about when we went to Comic-Con and dressed like Jabba the Hutt? You got to be Jabba’s head, and I got to be his fat slug butt.
Sheldon: We looked great.
Leonard: You let a guy sit on me.
Howard: He was dressed as Princess Leia. It made a nice picture.
Leonard: I’m just saying, sometimes Raj and I feel pushed aside.
Raj: Yeah. Like when you took Sheldon to Texas and showed him all around NASA, you didn’t even think to ask me and Leonard.
Howard: You know what? You’re right. I should have asked you.
Sheldon: Yeah, and if he does ask you, go. It’s amazing.
Howard: Okay, and if we’re talking about being left out of things, you guys went to Skywalker Ranch without us.
Sheldon: Oh, I recommend that, too. That was a magical experience.
Leonard: Wait a minute. Sheldon spent a whole day with James Earl Jones and never told any of us.
Sheldon: I sure did. Oh, my goodness. Well, from Jabba’s head to ice cream with Darth Vader, I’m having a heck of a ride. Yeah, look, clearly, good things happen when I’m in charge. Now, why don’t you boys step aside, let me knock this project out?
Leonard: Sheldon, you’re not in charge. Raj is in charge.
Sheldon: Leonard, who’s really in charge? The person in charge, or those who put him in charge?
Raj: He’s right. If you think about it, we’re all in charge.
Sheldon: No, the guy in charge is in ch… why is everyone so bad at these?
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: I mean, the whole experience reminded me about how much I hated about that world. You, you know, the anxiety, the depression, the negativity. I don’t want to feel those things. I want to sell drugs to people who feel those things.
Amy: I can’t believe you got up and walked out of an audition for a big movie.
Penny: I did. I mean, I walked in, read for the part, then stunk up the place, but then I walked right out.
Bernadette: Well, I’m glad you have a new appreciation for your job.
Penny: I do, and you know, I don’t think I’ve ever thanked you properly for helping me get it.
Bernadette: Properly, at all. It’s just words I’ve never heard.
Penny: Well, thank you. You’re a good friend, and you changed my life.
Bernadette: You’re welcome. Hey, now that you’re making some real money, maybe you can take your friend out for a nice thank-you dinner.
Penny: Sure.
Amy: And you probably have to invite your other friend ’cause she overheard you talking about it, and it would be awkward to exclude her.
Penny: Okay.
Bernadette: How about now?
Penny: All right.
Bernadette: Don’t forget your wallet.
Penny: I, uh, huh.
Scene: An alien spacecraft. 
Sheldon (on screen): Greetings from planet Earth. Just turn left at Alpha Centauri. You can’t miss it.
First Alien: That soft pink alien looks delicious.
Second Alien: I could eat.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment
Raj: It’s, like, the best one they make, I just can’t get it to work.
Howard: I’ll figure it out.
Raj: It streams HD video straight to your phone while it’s flying.
Howard: Nice. Where were you when I was single?
Leonard: Okay, we should leave in about an hour. You all packed?
Penny: Uh, yeah, I just need to throw in a few last minute things, you know, makeup, underwear, clothes.
Sheldon: If your bathroom floor counts as a carry-on, you’re packed.
Amy: Leonard, have you ever given a high school commencement speech before?
Leonard: Nope. It’s pretty exciting.
Sheldon: Aren’t you afraid of being blinded?
Leonard: How would I be blinded?
Sheldon: At the end of the ceremony, all the students throw those pointy hats in the air. It’s all pomp and circumstance until someone loses an eye.
Leonard: I’ll take my chances.
Sheldon: Fine. I wonder if they make I told you so cards in braille.
Raj: Look, the problem with commencement speeches is that they’re boring. Ooh, do you own a T-shirt cannon?
Howard: Why would he own a T-shirt cannon?
Raj: I don’t know. Why do I own one?
Amy: I think it’s really nice that you’re sharing this experience with Penny.
Leonard: Mm, I thought it’d be fun to show her my old stomping grounds. I even know the exact spot where they used to stomp me.
Bernadette: Well, now you get to go back as a successful scientist.
Amy: With a beautiful girl on your arm.
Sheldon: And a pointy hat sticking out of your eyeball.
Credits sequence. 
Scene: The hallway.
Leonard: How’d you get ready so fast?
Penny: Oh, I pack light. Once, I got through an entire spring break with nothing but a long T-shirt and a belt.
Leonard: Why did you need a belt?
Penny: It’s called an evening look. I’ve never been to New Jersey before.
Leonard: It gets a bad rap from shows like Jersey Shore and Real Housewives.
Penny: So it’s not really like that?
Leonard: No, it’s like that. Well, I’m excited to show you around.
Penny: You think we’ll have time to visit your mom over there?
Leonard: Yes. We’ll also have time to put my junk in a garlic press, but I’m not doing that either. (Receives text) Uh-oh. I just got an alert. Our flight’s been cancelled.
Penny: What?
Leonard: Yeah, looks like there’s a big storm all up the East Coast.
Penny: Well, can we get on another airline?
Leonard: I don’t think so.
Penny: So, that’s it? We’re not going?
Leonard: I guess not.
Penny: Well, that sucks.
Leonard: Yeah. I worked hard on that speech, too.
Penny: Oh. You could tell it to me.
Leonard: Oh, thank you, but I’m okay.
Penny: Are you sure? I could pretend I’m a high school cheerleader who can’t control herself around esteemed alumni.
Leonard: Greetings, distinguished cheerleaders.
Penny: Ooh.
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: Okay, the WiFi extender is on, the camera’s on, they’re both on the same network. We should be getting an image.
Sheldon: All I see is a black screen. And my own reflection. I look sad.
Howard: Maybe we should recalibrate it.
Sheldon: All right.
Howard: Step one, rapidly flip the calibration switch from the fully up to the fully down positions for at least ten times.
Sheldon: It actually says at least?
Howard: Yeah.
Sheldon: Why would they say at least? Is it ten toggles? Is it a hundred toggles? You know? Is it a thousand toggles? Ten thousand toggles? A hundred thousand toggles?
Howard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: You see where I’m going with this.
Howard: Just flip the switch until the lights on the drone change to solid yellow.
Sheldon: All right, that seems simple enough. Initiating calibration sequence. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. Well, I suppose ten is technically at least ten. But they’re still getting at least one angry letter.
Howard: Now I rotate it horizontally on its centre axis until the lights turn green.
Sheldon: Initiating rotation sequence. Don’t look at me, initiate. What does red and yellow mean?
Howard: It means the calibration failed. We have to start over.
Sheldon: Oh. Very well. Re-initiating calibration sequence. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten… eleven. It’s a good thing I didn’t send that letter.
Scene: Raj’s apartment. Skype tone plays.
Raj: Mm. Hello, Daddy. What’s up?
Dr Koothrapalli: Not much, just wanted to see how my son’s doing.
Raj: Very well, thank you.
Dr Koothrapalli: Are you still dating that dermatologist?
Raj: If you could feel how soft my skin is, you wouldn’t have to ask.
Dr Koothrapalli: Oh, and there’s something else I wanted to ask you. Why did you spend a month’s rent on a toy helicopter?!
Raj: Oh, you’re where that bill goes.
Dr Koothrapalli: I’m tired of indulging your foolish lifestyle. It’s time you learned responsibility. And the only way to teach you that is to cut off your allowance.
Raj: No, Daddy, no. There are lots of other ways to teach me responsibility. I know, you can give me an egg and make me take care of it for a week.
Dr Koothrapalli: No, my mind is made up. Starting now, you’re on your own.
Raj: But, Daddy, I, I miss my family so much, and with you and Mummy getting a divorce, I feel sad and empty. Buying a little toy every now and then helps me fill that void. So while I can’t hug you every day, flying that helicopter…
Dr Koothrapalli: I’m cutting you off.
Raj: Just to be clear, financially or mid-sentence?
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: No red and yellow, no red and yellow.
Sheldon: Yay.
Howard: It’s green.
Sheldon: We did it. Oh, if it’s this much fun to rotate, imagine when we fly it.
Howard: Okay, now all I have to do is rotate it vertically until the lights turn off.
Sheldon: Oh, no.
Howard: Oh. All right, playtime’s over. Let’s open this baby up.
Sheldon: Won’t that void the warranty?
Howard: Sheldon, I have a master’s degree in engineering. I wipe my bottom with warranties. Except for AppleCare. That pays for itself in the long run.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Hi.
Leonard: Hey, where’d you go?
Penny: I got you a little something to cheer you up.
Leonard: Really? Sex last night, pancakes this morning, am I dying?
Penny: Just open it.
Leonard: A cap and gown? Why do I need a cap and gown?
Penny: Because you are giving your commencement speech.
Leonard: What are you talking about?
Penny: I called your old high school and convinced them to let you give your speech over Skype.
Leonard: Really? That’s amazing. And you gave me the robes to give it in. Thank you.
Penny: Yeah, now about those, uh, they came from a costume shop, and all they had left was sexy graduate, so they might be a little short.
Leonard: Short and sexy, that’s my wheelhouse.
Penny: Yeah.
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: Boy, oh, boy, that’s a lot of pieces.
Sheldon: You know what they all do, right?
Howard: Yes, of course.
Sheldon: What about this one?
Howard: Well, I, how familiar are you with miniaturized integrated logic circuits?
Sheldon: Not very.
Howard: That right there is a miniaturized integrated logic circuit.
Sheldon: So, can you get it working?
Howard: I’m an MIT-trained engineer. I’ve built components for the space station.
Sheldon: I thought the zero-gravity toilet didn’t work.
Howard: It worked fine, it just wasn’t designed for Russian cosmonauts and their potato-based diet.
Raj: Hey, guys.
Howard: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello.
Raj: I have to return the helicopter. My father… What did you do?
Sheldon: Well, don’t worry. He went to MIT. He can solve any problem, as long as it doesn’t originate in a Russian man’s colon.
Raj: I don’t freaking believe this.
Howard: Relax, it’ll be fine.
Raj: No, you have to put this back together right now, so I can return it.
Sheldon: You can’t return it. Howard wiped his bottom with the warranty.
Raj: What?
Sheldon: I think metaphorically. But he was in the bathroom for a while.
Raj: Howard, my father cut me off. I have to get my money back for this.
Howard: Calm down.
Raj: Okay. Okay, you’re right. It’s time for me to step up and take responsibility for my life. Be a man. (On phone) Hello, Mummy.
Mrs Koothrapalli: Hello, Rajesh. What a nice surprise.
Raj: Well, I’ve been thinking about you. How are you doing? Are you happy, Mummy?
Mrs Koothrapalli: Such a sweet boy for asking. Can’t believe you come from the poison seed of your father.
Raj: Well, I like to think I take mostly after you. Anyway, speaking of Daddy, I had a very strange conversation with him. He said he couldn’t afford to send me money any more because of his active social life.
Mrs Koothrapalli: What does that mean, active social life?
Raj: Well, let’s not talk about him or whatever shenanigans he may or may not be up to. Let’s talk about you.
Mrs Koothrapalli: Rajesh, is your father seeing someone?
Raj: All I know, Mummy, is that he’s a single wealthy doctor, and now, for some reason, there’s no money for your little boy.
Mrs Koothrapalli: Well, however much money your father was giving you, I’ll give you more.
Raj: Thank you, Mummy, I love you. Helicopters for everybody.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: What’s taking so long?
Leonard: I don’t think this is gonna work.
Penny: Just let me see. Sweetie, you know you’re supposed to wear clothes underneath a graduation gown.
Leonard: A, surprised you know that. B, I wanted to look like a sexy graduate for you.
Penny: Oh. Well, you do.
Leonard: Thank you.
Penny: Yeah. You’re gonna be on Skype, they’re not gonna see your legs.
Leonard: Well, I’m gonna go put on some pants just in case. But I have to say, this is very freeing.
Penny: Add a belt and I’ll take you some place nice.
Leonard: Oh. Done and done.
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: Okay, I think I’ve narrowed it down to a faulty pin on the onboard communication chip.
Sheldon: Very impressive. You know, when you’re done with that, can you look at this? It doesn’t make smoke anymore.
Howard: One toy at a time.
Sheldon: Mm. Sorry. Ah, maybe it’s for the best. I hear locomotive smoke is the second leading cause of death among train aficionados.
Raj: What’s the first one?
Howard: Suicide.
Sheldon: Wrong. Obesity.
Bernadette: I have the tool you wanted.
Howard: Thank you.
Raj: You guys don’t have to go to the trouble. I’m back in the money now, I can just buy another helicopter.
Howard: It’s not about the money. It’s about solving a problem. It’s why I became an engineer. It’s what I like to do, it’s what I’m trained to do. It’s who I am.
Sheldon: Oh, look at you, the little engineer that could.
Bernadette: Why don’t you just call tech support?
Howard: Hey.
Sheldon: Whoa.
Raj: Not cool.
Bernadette: What?
Howard: There’s two kinds of people in this world, those who call tech support, and those who make fun of the people who call tech support.
Bernadette: I call tech support all the time.
Howard: Ha-ha.
Sheldon: You call tech support.
Raj: What a baby.
Scene: Leonard’s old school. 
Headmaster: And now, for our commencement address, one of our most distinguished alumni, noted Caltech physicist Dr. Leonard Hofstadter.
Leonard (on screen): Members of the faculty, students, I’m excited to speak to you today. I can’t help but remember the last time I was in this auditorium. Two guys from the lacrosse team played keep-away with my asthma inhaler. But enough about my ten-year reunion. I’d also like to take a moment to thank my beautiful fiancée for to helping make this speech possible, even though weather nearly prevented it.
Penny: Oh. Hello. I, I didn’t know he was gonna point it at me, so, don’t do drugs and stay in school.
Leonard: They’re graduating.
Penny: Okay, bye.
Scene: The apartment. 
Howard: All right, the power supply is reconnected. I think we’re back in business. Let’s just run a few tests before we take it outside. Sheldon, we got WiFi?
Sheldon: Check.
Howard: GPS?
Raj: Check.
Howard: Battery charged?
Sheldon: Check.
Bernadette: Four hours of our lives gone? Check.
Howard: All right. All systems go. In five…
Together: Four, three, two, one.
Sheldon: That’s what my train used to do.
Bernadette: Ready to call tech support?
Howard: Give me the number. Probably wind up talking to some foreign guy who’s reading from the same manual I have. (Raj’s phone rings)
Raj: It’s my father, you jerks. Hello, Daddy.
Dr Koothrapalli: What did you say to your mother?
Raj: Nothing. I was just calling to check in, make sure she’s doing okay.
Dr Koothrapalli: Well, after talking to you, she seems to think I’m some sort of playboy.
Raj: Really? I don’t know where she’d get an idea like that. You know Mummy and her crazy imagination I’m so lucky I take after you.
Dr Koothrapalli: You think you take after me?
Raj: Well, I try to. I certainly wouldn’t be a scientist if you hadn’t been my role model. (Re-entering apartment) Who wants to go to Vegas in a real helicopter?
Scene: Leonard’s old school.
Leonard (on screen): It was L. Frank Baum who said no thief, however skillful, can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure, wow, I’m boring myself. Sorry, I can’t see any of your faces right now, but I bet they look like this. Uh, you know, I, I wrote an entire speech to say how high school prepares you and what a wonderful place it is, but I hated it. Maybe high school’s great if you look like this, but I didn’t even feel like I existed at that school. And now that I think about it, I bet a lot of you feel the same way. So, for the remainder of my speech, this is for the invisible kids. Uh, maybe you never fit in. Or maybe you’re the smallest kid in the school, or the heaviest or the weirdest. Maybe you’re graduating and you still haven’t had your first kiss. By the way, 19, and Geraldine Coco, wherever you are, thank you. Maybe you don’t have any friends. And guess what? That’s okay. While all the popular kids are off doing whatever, I don’t know what they were doing ’cause I was never there.
Penny: I’ll, I’ll tell you later.
Leonard: My point is, while you’re spending all this time on your own, building computers or practicing your cello, what you’re really doing is becoming interesting. And when people finally do notice you, they’re gonna find someone a lot cooler than they thought. And for those of you who were popular in high school, it’s over, sorry. Thank you and congratulations.
Scene: The apartment. 
Tech Support Voice: Your call is important to us. All our technicians are busy helping other customers. Please stay on the line and someone will be with you shortly.
Howard: What happened to me? When did I become an old man baffled by modern technology? Next thing you know, I’ll be hitching my pants up to my armpits and complaining about the awful music the kids are listening to.
Sheldon: It is awful, isn’t it? Listen to that noise.
Howard: Hang on, hang on. It’s working. I did it.
Raj: How’d you do that?
Howard: No idea, but I did it.
Bernadette: Maybe you shouldn’t be flying it inside.
Howard: Well, I’m not flying it.
Sheldon: Then who is?
Howard: I don’t know. Must be getting a WiFi signal from somewhere else.
Sheldon: Initiate landing sequence. Initiate landing sequence. Hey, the camera’s working. Oh, look, it’s me.
Tech Support Guy: Tech Support, can I help you?
Sheldon: Yes, it’s a robot uprising. Call the police.
Scene: The hallway.
Leonard: So you really think they liked it?
Penny: Oh, sweetie, it was the best speech I…
Sheldon: Don’t worry, everyone in here is safe.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Leonard, what time does your mom’s plane get in?
Leonard: I don’t know, some time tomorrow morning.
Penny: Don’t you want to know for sure?
Leonard: No need to. As soon as she flies into California airspace, I’ll feel a disturbance in the Force.
Amy: It’s so nice both of your moms are coming in to see you guys get an award.
Sheldon: Well, my mother’s been there for every honour I’ve won since I beat out my twin sister for the did it on the potty trophy. How does this look?
Penny: Aw, it’s so nice. She’s gonna love it.
Amy: Sure, his mom gets roses. When I want them, they’re a bouquet of severed plant genitals.
Sheldon: You act like I didn’t get you that mushroom log on Valentine’s Day.
Amy: He’s right. Roses die, but a moist rotting log will pump out mushrooms for two or three magical years.
Penny: You know, your mom’s never been too thrilled with our relationship. Maybe I should get her something so she warms up to me.
Leonard: If you could run out and get a PhD, that might make her like you.
Penny: Really? It didn’t work for you.
Amy: Do you think the moms will get along?
Leonard: Uh, I don’t know. They’re pretty different.
Sheldon: Maybe they’ll be best friends. One of them is brilliant, one is sweet and simple. Sound familiar?
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Mrs Cooper: Shelly, I’m so proud of you and Leonard for getting this award.
Sheldon: Oh, thank you, Mother.
Mrs Cooper: I tried to read your paper, but it was very hard for me to understand.
Sheldon: Oh, it’s quite straightforward, actually. It describes a new model of the universe that conceptualizes it as the surface of an n-dimensional superfluid.
Mrs Cooper: Interesting. You can believe that, but God filling an ark with animals two-by-two is nonsense.
Sheldon: What did they feed the lions, Mother?
Mrs Cooper: The floating bodies of drowned sinners, of course.
Sheldon: Listen, Leonard’s mom is a renowned psychiatrist and woman of science. Can you please keep the Bible babble to yourself while she’s here?
Mrs Cooper: Are you ashamed of me?
Sheldon: Of course not. I love you. I’m just embarrassed by the things you believe, do and say.
Mrs Cooper: Well, I love you, too. My little bowl of lion chow.
Scene: The stairwell.
Dr Hofstadter: So, have you and Penny set a wedding date?
Leonard: No, we’re kind of taking it slow.
Dr Hofstadter: I see.
Leonard: What does that mean?
Dr Hofstadter: You’ve been on and off with this woman for seven years and engaged for one year. One has to wonder if there’s a problem. Are you having satisfactory intercourse?
Leonard: Yes, Mother.
Dr Hofstadter: Only satisfactory. I see.
Leonard: I change my answer. It, it’s amazing. It’s hot. We can barely keep our hands off each other.
Dr Hofstadter: Seems odd to try and impress your mother with your sexual prowess. But then, you always did have that unresolved Oedipal complex.
Leonard: See, this right here, what you’re doing, can you please not do that around Sheldon’s mom?
Dr Hofstadter: Why? Are you attracted to her, too?
Leonard: Of course not. She’s, she’s just a very sweet and God-fearing lady, and you have to be respectful of her beliefs.
Dr Hofstadter: Leonard, I’m an adult. I know how to conduct myself around people from different walks of life.
Leonard: Thank you.
Dr Hofstadter: Where is she from again?
Leonard: East Texas.
Dr Hofstadter: Ugh.
Leonard: Hey, look who’s here.
Sheldon: Oh, Doctor Hofstadter, it’s so good to see you again.
Dr Hofstadter: Likewise. I read your paper, it was very impressive.
Sheldon: Oh, thank you.
Leonard: We just spent two hours in traffic. Did you think to mention to me that you liked our paper?
Dr Hofstadter: Of course I did, but it’s a mother’s job to make sure her child’s self-esteem is not dependent on anyone’s approval.
Leonard: That’s so sweet, you think I have self-esteem.
Sheldon: Doctor Hofstadter, I want you to meet my mother, Mary.
Dr Hofstadter: : So nice to meet you.
Mrs Cooper: Nice to meet you, too. How was your flight?
Dr Hofstadter: Very pleasant. And yours?
Mrs Cooper: Lovely. Almost as if someone, not saying who, was watching over the plane.
Dr Hofstadter: You’re kidding, right?
Leonard: Subtle, mom, real subtle.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Bernadette: Stuart.
Stuart: Morning.
Bernadette: We talked about this. I don’t mind you still living here, but we got to have some rules. And rule number one is pants.
Howard: Hey.
Scene: The apartment. 
Mrs Cooper: You must be very proud of your son.
Dr Hofstadter: Oh, yes. He recently argued a case before the Supreme Court.
Mrs Cooper: He did?
Dr Hofstadter: Oh, you mean this son. Uh, sure, he’s terrific.
Sheldon: Beverly, would you like to see the math I worked out to support our hypothesis?
Leonard: You mean, my hypothesis. I hypothesized it all by myself.
Dr Hofstadter: Calm down, dear. Mary, I’m curious. When did you first realize that your son had such a remarkable mind?
Sheldon: Ooh, good question. Everyone loves stories about Sheldon Cooper, boy genius.
Mrs Cooper: Well, I would have to say when he was 13 and tried to build a nuclear reactor in the tool shed.
Sheldon: Ooh, this is a good one.
Mrs Cooper: Now, the first thing you have to know about Shelly is ever since he was a little boy, he was always concerned with the well-being of others. And he didn’t think that it was fair for people to pay for electricity, so he was gonna power the entire town for free.
Sheldon: Tell her about the uranium. Tell her about the uranium.
Mrs Cooper: Oh, well. Oh, this is adorable. When he arranged to get some yellowcake from Chad, I thought he was talking about Twinkies from one of his friends.
Sheldon: But I wasn’t. ‘Cause I didn’t have any friends.
Mrs Cooper: No. It turns out that this little scallywag was trying to use my Visa card to buy uranium from an African warlord in the country of Chad.
Dr Hofstadter: Sounds like Sheldon was a handful.
Mrs Cooper: Oh, he was a handful.
Sheldon: I was a handful.
Leonard: You still are. Uh, Mom, hey, tell Mary the story about how I made a Van der Graaf generator out of our vacuum cleaner.
Dr Hofstadter: All right. He broke the vacuum cleaner.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Howard: I mean, for a while, everything was vampires. Now it’s all zombies. I wonder what the next monster fad will be.
Raj: We haven’t had a good invisible man in a while.
Stuart: Clearly, you’ve never seen me try to talk to a woman.
Bernadette: Guys. In the time you’ve been sitting here playing video games, I got the car washed, picked up cleaning supplies and went to the bank.
Stuart: I put on pants.
Howard: Kiss-ass.
Bernadette: Okay, I don’t know when I became the mother to three lazy teenagers, but it stops today. You guys are cleaning the kitchen, top to bottom.
Raj: Hey, I don’t even live here.
Bernadette: Yes or no, do you have clothes in my laundry right now?
Raj: I do. And some of it’s wool, so dry flat if possible.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: Oh, and here’s a picture of me receiving my bachelor of science degree.
Dr Hofstadter: You don’t look very happy.
Sheldon: Well, I had just begun puberty. It was figuratively and literally one of the hairiest moments of my life.
Mrs Cooper: Shelly does not like change.
Sheldon: Oh, true. But all the clenching in the world will not keep testicles in your abdomen.
Penny: Hey, sorry, got caught up at work. Hi, Beverly.
Dr Hofstadter: Hello. Oh, okay.
Penny: Sorry, I forgot.
Sheldon: You remember my mother.
Penny: Oh, yes. Hi, Mary.
Mrs Cooper: Good to see you again, dear.
Penny: Ah, yeah, now that’s what I’m talking about.
Leonard: So, Mom, you haven’t seen Penny since we got engaged.
Penny: Oh, yeah, let me show you the ring.
Dr Hofstadter: Oh, lovely. Must have been very expensive.
Sheldon: Oh, no, not at all. No, we, uh, found a place online that, uh, repurposes diamond drill bits.
Leonard: We did not. That’s not true. Can I speak to you alone for a second?
Sheldon: Oh, sure.
Leonard: It came from Tiffany’s.
Sheldon: You mean the box, right?
Leonard: Keep walking.
Penny: Really doesn’t matter to me how much he spent on the ring. I think.
Sheldon: Did I misspeak about the ring?
Leonard: Yes, and we’ll get back to that. But, uh, even with your mother here, you are deliberately hogging all the attention from my mom. You’re like one of those elephant seal pups that steals the milk from two mothers.
Sheldon: Do you mean what marine biologists refer to as super weaning?
Leonard: Yes, you are a super weaner.
Sheldon: Well, now I have to correct you. As a bit of an elephant seal buff, the more accurate comparison would be when two mother seals actively seek to nourish the same pup. So I believe the term you’re looking for is a double mother suckler.
Leonard: Yeah, you’re right. That is the term I’m looking for. You are a dirty double mother suckler.
Sheldon: Okay, well, now that we have the terminology straightened out. How dare you.
Penny: We’re not in a rush. We’ll set a date when the time is right.
Mrs Cooper: It doesn’t matter, sweetie. The moment a man lays with a woman, they are married in the eyes of the Lord.
Dr Hofstadter: Uch.
Mrs Cooper: Uch? The bible is uch to you?
Dr Hofstadter: No, I’m sorry. That was inappropriate. As a psychiatrist, I know how important people’s superstitions can be to them.
Mrs Cooper: You want to talk about superstitions? Sheldon sent me the books you wrote, all that nonsense about superegos and ids. What bull dropped that on the barn floor?
Dr Hofstadter: His name is Sigmund Freud.
Penny: Hey, look at that. You both believe in Jewish bearded guys.
Mrs Cooper: Stay out of this.
Penny: Mm-hmm.
Mrs Cooper: At least the bearded man that I believe in preaches love and compassion. All yours talks about is why you hold in your poop and want to crawl back inside your mama.
Dr Hofstadter: It’s fascinating. How can someone as enlightened as Sheldon come from someone like you?
Mrs Cooper: I know the answer. You’re not gonna like it.
Dr Hofstadter: Try me.
Mrs Cooper: When I was pregnant with Shelly, I was driving to church, and I was praying to the Lord to give me a son smarter than his dumb-ass daddy. And I looked over and I saw a Jesus bobblehead in the Subaru next to me nodding yes. What is that supposed to mean?
Dr Hofstadter: : It means, I can’t believe we’re having this conversation.
Mrs Cooper: Well, do it some more. Maybe you can knock some sense into yourself.
Penny: Why don’t we all stop hitting ourselves and talk about something safe, you know, like shoes or how cute little Chinese babies are.
Sheldon: It is not my fault that your mother likes me better than she likes you.
Leonard: Oh, don’t flatter yourself. She likes everybody better than she likes me.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house. 
Raj: How old is this Jell-O?
Stuart: Well, it’s carrots, so gonna say very.
Howard: Sorry we have to do this.
Stuart: Bernadette’s not wrong. She does work hard around here.
Raj: Yeah, maybe it’s a good thing if she stops babying you so much.
Howard: She doesn’t baby me.
Stuart: I saw her pull you home in a wagon.
Howard: For your information, I twisted my ankle chasing the ice cream truck.
Raj: Face it, dude, Bernadette treats you the same way your mother used to, and that was not a healthy relationship.
Howard: You’re right. It’s time for me to act like an adult in this marriage. Starting with my husbandly duty of taking out the trash. Bernie, I made a mess.
Scene: A coffee shop.
Dr Hofstadter: I’m terribly sorry that I upset your mother.
Sheldon: Oh, it’s all right. She’ll forgive you. She has to or she goes to hell.
Dr Hofstadter: I can’t help but notice how her unconditional love for you is diametrically opposed to my own parenting strategies.
Sheldon: Well, you doled out affection as a reward for achievement, a proven way to raise a child. Or train a rat.
Dr Hofstadter: But look how well you turned out.
Sheldon: I’d feign modesty at this point, but who would believe me? Still, you need to consider how successful Leonard’s brother and sister are.
Dr Hofstadter: I suppose.
Sheldon: While my brother and sister are mouth-breathing idiots.
Dr Hofstadter: Do you suppose you would’ve flourished more in a reward-based environment?
Sheldon: Perhaps. But my mom made me spaghetti with chopped-up hot dogs whenever I wanted, so who cares?
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Not once did my mother ever give me any love or affection for just being myself, I always had to earn it.
Mrs Cooper: Oh, Leonard, I’m sure she loves you very much. In her own cold godless way.
Penny: Yeah, and you certainly don’t have to earn my love.
Leonard: Thank you.
Penny: Of course, you already knew that when you bought me this princess-cut drill bit.
Leonard: That’s not what it is.
Penny: I know, I know. Zzzzzzzz.
Mrs Cooper: When your mom gets back, I’m gonna need to apologize for the way I spoke to her.
Penny: Well, come on now, she did kind of start it.
Mrs Cooper: Doesn’t matter, a good Christian would’ve turned the other cheek. On the other hand, a good Texan would’ve shot her, so, I just kind of split the difference. Hey, who’s in the mood for spaghetti and hot dogs?
Leonard: Oh, me.
Penny: Yeah, me, too.
Mrs Cooper: Coming up.
Leonard: I don’t really feel I deserve it.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Howard: That was a big sticky mess, but I think I got it.
Raj: Looks good.
Stuart: Yeah.
Bernadette: Look at that. You cleaned it up all by yourself.
Howard: Yes, I cleaned it up all by myself. Honestly, I don’t know why you complain so… okay, maybe I missed one spot. Just leave.
Scene: The apartment.
Mrs Cooper: I’m so glad that you and I were able to bury the hatchet.
Dr Hofstadter: Me, too. And I respect your right to your beliefs.
Mrs Cooper: And I will pray for you.
Leonard: Okay, Mom, let’s get you back to your hotel before anyone says anything else.
Dr Hofstadter: One moment. There’s something I need to say to you.
Leonard: Oh, really? That’s too bad.
Dr Hofstadter: Leonard, I always made you earn my affection, but today I realize that there’s more than one way to raise a child.
Sheldon: I taught her that.
Dr Hofstadter: Therefore, I would like to initiate a new protocol wherein I shower you with unconditional love.
Leonard: Wow. When does that start?
Dr Hofstadter: So needy. Come to Mommy.
Penny: It’s okay, go ahead.
Dr Hofstadter: Oh, my son.
Leonard: Oh, my mother.
Penny: Oh, my God.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house. 
Stuart (singing): It’s a hard-knock life.
Together (singing): It’s the hard-knock life for us, it’s the hard-knock life for us. ‘Stead of treated, we get tricked, ‘stead of kisses, we get kicked, it’s the hard-knock life. Got no folks to speak of so it’s the hard-knock row we hoe, cotton blankets ‘stead of wool, empty bellies ‘stead of full, it’s a hard-knock life.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Can you believe it’s been five years since our first date?
Sheldon: I know. Do you think I should start watching The Flash TV show?
Amy: That’s what you’re thinking about?
Sheldon: Well, one of the things.
Amy: Are any of them me?
Sheldon: Yes. I thought, I can’t decide if I should watch The Flash TV show. I know, I’ll ask Amy. Anyway.
Amy: What are you doing?
Sheldon: You’re right, you did kind of kill the mood.
Amy: I didn’t kill anything. You did, talking about your stupid TV show.
Sheldon: Excuse me. Starting to watch a television show that might run for years isn’t a decision to take lightly. I’m wrestling with a big commitment issue here.
Amy: Really? That’s the commitment issue you’re wrestling with? Sheldon, do you understand the irony of your fixation on a man with super speed, while after five years all I can get out of you is a distracted make-out session on a couch?
Sheldon: Irony’s not really my strong suit. But I have been getting better with sarcasm, if you want to give that a try.
Amy: Oh, sure, I’d love to.
Sheldon: Whenever you’re ready.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The comic book store.
Stuart: I don’t want to rush you, but I’m closing a little early tonight.
Raj: Ooh. Hot date?
Stuart: Uh, no. I overheard Bernadette tell Howard she was making him a meat loaf, and you don’t have to not ask me twice.
Emily: If I stick a light bulb on this, wouldn’t it make a great lamp for my bedroom?
Raj: You’re kidding, right?
Emily: Oh. Is this freaking you out?
Raj: I guess I’m just more of a Pottery Barn, Crate and Barrel kind of guy. Maybe Pier 1 if I really want to cut loose.
Emily: All right. Never mind.
Raj: No, no, no. Hey, you should totally get it. In fact, I’ll buy it for you.
Stuart: Sold.
Emily: Raj, you don’t have to do that.
Stuart: Too late. No returns.
Scene: The stairwell.
Leonard: That was really intense.
Penny: Well, now we know, next time we go to the farmers’ market, the order is petting zoo first, then buy vegetables.
Leonard: Hey.
Sheldon: Oh, good. You’re here. I need your assistance.
Leonard: Can it wait until I put a Band-Aid on a goat bite?
Sheldon: What happened?
Penny: Oh, your buddy got mugged by some baby farm animals.
Sheldon: Been there.
Penny: Mmm. So what do you need help with?
Sheldon: Amy’s mad at me, and I’m not clear why.
Penny: Okay. Were you talking before she got upset?
Sheldon: Yes.
Penny: That’s probably it. What’d you say to her?
Sheldon: Well, I just asked her if I should start watching the new Flash TV series.
Penny: And that made her angry?
Sheldon: Baffling, right? We were necking like a couple of hooligans under the school bleachers. I stopped so I could ask the question. Next thing I know, good-bye, kissy face. Hello, yelly face.
Penny: Well, Sheldon, when you’re kissing a girl, she expects the attention to be on her.
Sheldon: It was. I asked her if she thought I should watch The Flash.
Penny: Yeah. I’m tapping out. Leonard?
Leonard: I’m gonna guess that your main concern is the time commitment of watching an entire season of a new show.
Sheldon: Oh, no, not just a season. If I’m in, I’m in for the whole run, even if the quality declines.
Leonard: I get it. Smallville almost wrecked you.
Sheldon: Yeah. Exactly. You know, I waited ten years to see a guy everyone knows can fly, fly.
Penny: Wait, what is wrong with you two? He was talking about television during their date night.
Sheldon: Oh, not just date night, our fifth anniversary.
Penny: Okay, see, that’s even dumber than you wondering if being bitten by a goat would give you the powers of a goat.
Sheldon: If that happens, don’t make me wait ten years to watch you eat a tin can.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Raj: You guys ever notice that Emily has a bit of a twisted side?
Bernadette: You mean ’cause she has weird tattoos?
Raj: No, because she wants to have sex with me in a graveyard.
Howard: One more time?
Raj: She and I were supposed to watch the new Avengers movie tonight, but it was sold out. So I said, what else do you want to do? She said, let’s go to a cemetery and do it on somebody’s grave.
Howard: Like, a random person or somebody she knew?
Raj: What difference does it make?
Howard: Well, if it’s her father’s grave and they didn’t get along, then you know she holds a grudge.
Bernadette: The only issue is that everybody has their own thing, and as long as it’s two consenting adults, I guess I don’t see the harm in it.
Raj: Well, what if it’s one consenting adult and one adult who pretends to consent because he’s afraid of being alone?
Bernadette: Well, then I guess bring a blanket. The grass gets damp at night.
Raj: I don’t know, guys. Maybe this relationship isn’t for me. Maybe I should break up with her.
Howard: Right. You’re gonna break up with a girl who has sex with you. Can you believe this guy?
Bernadette: I think if Raj wants to break up with a girl, he can do it.
Howard: How are you saying that with a straight face?
Bernadette: I don’t know.
Raj: You guys are being jerks.
Howard: Buddy, other than Jenny Craig, you’ve never broken up with a girl in your life.
Raj: You’re one to talk. You’ve been complaining about Stuart living here for the past year. I don’t see you showing him the door.
Howard: That’s not the same thing. Emily’s a person. Stuart’s more like an infestation, something you spray for.
Raj: Baloney, okay? You two are as afraid of hurting someone’s feelings as I am.
Bernadette: That’s not true. We were just laughing right in your face.
Scene: The apartment. 
Penny: Thanks for cooking.
Leonard: Mmm. My pleasure.
Penny: That carrot was delicious.
Leonard: Yeah. I wish I’d fought harder for the rest of ’em.
Penny: Still haven’t heard from her?
Sheldon: No, and I’m confused. It’s been nearly 24 hours. Amy should have figured out she’s wrong by now.
Penny: Hey, I don’t think she’s wrong about you going too slow in the relationship.
Sheldon: Too slow?
Penny: Yeah, you’ve been going out for years. You haven’t even slept together.
Sheldon: That’s right. It’s called foreplay. And I could make the case that you two aren’t moving forward in your relationship.
Penny: Uh, hello.
Sheldon: Hello.
Penny: No. Sheldon, we’re getting married.
Sheldon: But you’ve been engaged for over a year now, and you don’t even have a wedding date.
Penny: Well, we will. We’re just not in a rush.
Sheldon: Okay.
Leonard: We’re gonna set a date.
Sheldon: Okay. If you say so.
Penny: Yeah, it’s just, things are good right now.
Leonard: Really good.
Penny: I’m focusing on my job.
Leonard: And we’ve been busy with our paper.
Penny: So busy.
Leonard: Yeah, we’ll pick a date when we pick a date.
Penny: Yeah.
Sheldon: Okay.
Penny: You know, I can see why Amy’s mad at you.
Sheldon: Yeah, shut up, Sheldon.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Bernadette: Did you eat all my yoghurt?
Howard: You mean the one that makes ladies do the thing that ladies pretend they don’t do even though they do?
Bernadette: You know which yoghurt I mean.
Howard: I didn’t touch it. Must have been Stuart.
Bernadette: Maybe Raj is right. Maybe it’s time we tell him he needs to move out.
Howard: We should have done it months ago.
Bernadette: I know, but his store was reopening, and then there were the holidays, and then he was sick.
Howard: Yeah, right. Sick. He didn’t have jaundice. He just looks like that.
Bernadette: All right. Tonight’s the night.
Howard: Agreed. When he gets home, I’m dropping the hammer.
Bernadette: Ooh, I like when you take charge.
Howard: Oh, I’m not taking charge, you’re the hammer.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: So, why haven’t we picked a date?
Penny: You know why.
Leonard: Well, of course I know why. But just for fun, why?
Penny: Not in a rush, busy with work…
Sheldon: Things are good right now.
Penny: Really good.
Leonard: You still want to get married, right?
Penny: Oh, my God. Yes. Why would you even ask that?
Leonard: I don’t know. Because we don’t have a date?
Penny: Well, you want a date, pick a date.
Leonard: It’s not just the date. We haven’t talked about anything. Big wedding, small wedding, indoor, outdoor?
Sheldon: Outdoor? Oh. I can RSVP no right now.
Penny: Okay, indoor it is. Big or small?
Leonard: Is your dad paying for it?
Penny: I doubt it.
Leonard: Okay, two friends each.
Penny: All right, well, I want it in a church.
Leonard: Fine. I want black-tie.
Penny: Fine. I want to release butterflies.
Sheldon: Seriously? Airborne worms?
Leonard: Okay. Well, then it’s settled. Small indoor church wedding, black-tie, no butterflies.
Penny: Sounds perfect.
Leonard: Great.
Sheldon: You still didn’t pick a date.
Penny: Stay out of it.
Leonard: Shut up.
Scene: A graveyard.
Emily: Mmm. It’s a beautiful night.
Raj: Oh, yes, we’ve got the moon and the trees and Elizabeth McNulty, who apparently died when she was the same age I am.
Emily: Makes you feel alive, doesn’t it?
Raj: So does enjoying a meal at a well-lit restaurant, but here we are.
Emily: You aren’t scared, are you?
Raj: Of ghosts, no. Of you, little bit.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: I’m sorry I’ve upset you. I shouldn’t have asked so many questions.
Penny: No, it’s okay.
Leonard: Yeah, maybe it’s good you got us talking about this stuff.
Sheldon: Well, look at that, even when I’m causing problems, I make the world a better place. Hey, next, why don’t we tackle your penchant for whining and Penny’s love of the ol’ glug-glug?
Penny: Uh, Sheldon, I think we’re good for now.
Sheldon: Ah, well, very well. So does this mean you’ll finally pick a wedding date?
Penny: Here we go again. Why is everyone so concerned with us setting a date? We’re committed to each other. We’re happy. A ceremony isn’t gonna change anything.
Sheldon: So you’re never getting married? It’s his whining, isn’t it?
Leonard: Sheldon, I’m not a whiner.
Sheldon: It’s amusing that he doesn’t hear it.
Leonard: Look, all she’s saying is we are in love so it doesn’t matter if we get married tomorrow or a year from now or 50 years from now.
Penny: Ew, 50? We’ll be old and gross.
Leonard: Yeah, but we’ll be old and gross together.
Sheldon: My aunt and uncle were married 63 years. Towards the end, it was like watching cheese melt.
Penny: Um, I’m free tonight.
Leonard: Are you saying you want to get married?
Penny: Vegas isn’t that far away.
Leonard: I’m in. Let’s do it.
Sheldon: After all these years. I’m really happy for the two of you.
Penny: Oh, thank you.
Leonard: Thanks.
Sheldon: Now get out of my spot.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Howard: Bernie, Stuart just pulled up. So remember, the key is to be firm. Show no weakness.
Bernadette: Right.
Howard: Good luck.
Bernadette: Howard Joel Wolowitz, you get back here.
Howard: Never should have told you my middle name.
Stuart: Hey, guys.
Howard: Hey, you got a minute?
Stuart: Sure. Uh, let me just put this stuff in the fridge. I felt bad for finishing your yoghurt, so I bought more. And, Howard, your favourite fruit is in season. Crunch Berries.
Bernadette: Don’t let that sway you.
Howard: It’s hard not to. They taste so much better than real berries.
Stuart: What’s up?
Bernadette: So, we need to talk.
Scene: The graveyard.
Emily: You okay?
Raj: I think we should talk.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Stuart: Is everything okay?
Bernadette: Well, you’ve been living here a while now.
Stuart: I know. I may sell comic books at work, but the real superheroes are sitting right in front of me.
Bernadette: Yeah.
Howard: His middle name is David. Go.
Scene: The graveyard.
Raj: Look, I care about you a lot, but we are very different people.
Emily: Are you breaking up with me?
Raj: No, no, I’m just pointing out that you’re dark on the inside and I’m dark on the outside.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Bernadette: So, anyway, what I’m trying to say is… (phone rings)
Howard: You need to take that?
Stuart: It’s just my dad, probably calling to wish me a happy birthday. I’ll call him back. You were saying?
Scene: The graveyard.
Emily: Look, Raj, be honest with me. If you want to end things, just do it. Don’t expect me to do it for you.
Raj: End things? I’m trying to tell you that I love you.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Howard and Bernadette (singing): Happy birthday to you.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Penny: Wow, there’s a Denny’s in Vegas you can actually get married in.
Leonard: Doesn’t sound very romantic.
Penny: Yeah, but we could get heart-shaped pancakes.
Leonard: I’m sure we’ll find a decent chapel.
Penny: Yeah. This is crazy.
Leonard: I know. You think people are gonna be mad?
Penny: Maybe. But this isn’t about them, it’s about us.
Leonard: It is. It is about us.
Penny: And you know what the best part is? We took our time. I mean, we met, we were friends for a couple years, then we got together, and then we got untogether, then we worked out all our problems, and now we know everything about each other, we can just go forward with no surprises and no regrets.
Leonard: Right. No surprises.
Penny: And no regrets.
Leonard: Uh, well, there, there’s one thing I feel I should tell you.
Penny: What?
Leonard: You know, so we can go into this with no secrets between us.
Penny: What?
Leonard: Remember, uh, a couple years back when I was on that research ship in the North Sea?
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: Okay, well, there, there was a lot of drinking and craziness going on.
Penny: No, you told me.
Leonard: Okay, um, well, there was this girl.
Penny: What did you do?
Leonard: Nothing really. It was just kissing.
Penny: And then what?
Leonard: And then nothing. I stopped it. But it still bothers me, and I wanted you to know.
Penny: All right.
Leonard: Did you ever do anything like this since we’ve been?
Penny: Nope, never.
Leonard: Oh, that’s too bad.
Penny: You know, can I ask you a question?
Leonard: Hmm?
Penny: Why are you telling me this now?
Leonard: Well, like I said, we’re about to get married, and I, I want a clean slate. No secrets.
Penny: Really? Because to me, it seems like we’re about to get married and you’re trying to sabotage it.
Leonard: Would you rather I didn’t tell you?
Penny: No, I don’t want there to be secrets between us.
Leonard: See, now I’m confused. I mean, what, what am I supposed to do?
Penny: Uh, keep your mouth off other women.
Leonard: I can do that. Uh, uh, from now on, this mouth, you and food, that’s it.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: Yeah?
Penny: Look, I’m not happy this happened, but I think I can get past it. I mean, we weren’t engaged at the time, and it was just kissing.
Leonard: Right.
Penny: Just kissing.
Leonard: It wasn’t even very good. She was a smoker, I’d just been seasick.
Penny: Okay, that’s enough. Stop talking.
Leonard: So, we’re still getting married?
Penny: Yes.
Leonard: Because we love each other.
Penny: Yes.
Leonard: And it’s the happiest day of our lives.
Penny: Ha-ha, don’t push it.
Scene: The apartment. 
Amy (on skype): Hello.
Sheldon: Hello. Listen, I’ve been thinking a lot about relationships and how difficult they can be, and I think…
Amy: I’ve been thinking about them, too, Sheldon. Being your girlfriend is so challenging. Emotionally, physically. I’ve been incredibly patient for years.
Sheldon: Strongly disagree. Go on.
Amy: Okay, well, this isn’t easy to say, because I love you, but I need some time to take a step back and re-evaluate our situation.
Sheldon: Oh.
Amy: I hope you understand.
Sheldon: Okay.
Amy: Bye, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Well, Gollum, you’re an expert on rings. What do I do with this one?
 								
			
				Following a “previously on” sequence.
Scene: A Wedding Chapel.
Penny: So, what package are you thinking?
Leonard: Mm, this one comes with music and flowers. Oh, they even stream the whole thing live on the Internet.
Penny: Why would we want that?
Leonard: ‘Cause there’s a lot of gorgeous blondes out there who don’t believe they can land a short, nearsighted scientist. Let’s give them hope.
Penny: Whatever. Put us on the Internet. I’ve always wanted a wedding with a comment section.
Leonard: If you’re not into this, we can do it another time.
Penny: No. No, I want to. Look, we’ve put this off long enough. Let’s do it.
Leonard: Aw. That’s exactly what you said the first time we slept together. (Phone) Oh, excuse me. Sheldon. Hey.
Sheldon: Leonard, have you gotten married yet?
Leonard: No. Why?
Sheldon: Good. Don’t do it.
Leonard: Why not?
Sheldon: Some important new information has come to light. Women are the worst. I thought it was paper cuts, but I was wrong. No piece of paper ever cut me this deep.
Leonard: What happened now?
Sheldon: Amy has ended our relationship.
Leonard: Oh, no. Seriously?
Penny: What’s going on?
Leonard: Amy broke up with Sheldon.
Penny: She did?
Sheldon: Is Penny crying?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: No, of course not. They thrive on our suffering.
Leonard: Buddy, I’m so sorry. Is there anything I can do?
Sheldon: Yes. If I ever talk about going out with a girl again, roll your eyes at me like I do to you when you say dumb things.
Leonard: Sheldon, uh, okay, just because you’re going through this with Amy doesn’t mean that all women are bad.
Sheldon: Whatever.
Penny (on phone): Hey, I just heard about you and Sheldon. Are you okay?
Amy: Not really. Can you come over?
Penny: Uh, actually I’m in Vegas. Leonard and I are about to get married.
Amy: Hold on. You’re getting married and you didn’t invite me?
Penny: Well, it was kind of a spur-of-the-moment thing.
Amy: Wow. Hope I can catch the bouquet from here.
Penny: Amy, don’t be like that.
Sheldon: Why did I just hear Amy’s name?
Leonard: Penny’s on the phone with her.
Sheldon: Did she say anything about me? Never mind. I don’t care. Well, if you care, you can find out and tell me. Just don’t be shocked when you find out that I don’t care.
Penny: Okay, will you relax? You’re not missing anything special.
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: She’s upset. Look, it’s gonna be a great wedding. Look at you in your little suit.
Sheldon: Amy’s upset? Is it about me?
Leonard: No, I think it’s because we’re eloping.
Sheldon: Your marriage is causing her pain? Yeah, great, I take it back. Go ahead and do it. Yay for love.
Credits sequence. 
Scene: Outside Amy’s apartment. 
Sheldon: Hello.
Amy: Oh. What are you doing here?
Sheldon: When last we spoke, you said you needed time.
Amy: Well, it’s only been 11 hours.
Sheldon: The Lord of the Rings trilogy was nearly 11 hours. I made you watch that, you said it was an eternity.
Amy: Sheldon, when I’m ready to talk, I’ll let you know.
Sheldon: Very well. You seem to be headed somewhere. May I walk with you?
Amy: Sure.
Sheldon: Boy, I’m glad we’re going out again.
Amy: We’re not back together.
Sheldon: Why? Is there someone else? Just couldn’t wait for that first notch on your bedpost, could you?
Amy: If you must know, I’m going to Howard and Bernadette’s to watch the wedding.
Sheldon: And who’s this guy you’re taking?
Amy: There’s no guy.
Sheldon: Oh, you’re going to a wedding alone? That’s sad.
Amy: I’m not gonna be alone. I’ll be with my friends.
Sheldon: Your friends? Well, I think you mean my friends. And why wasn’t I invited to this?
Amy: Maybe because the two of us being there would make them feel awkward.
Sheldon: We make everyone feel awkward. That’s our thing.
Scene: The Wedding Chapel. 
Leonard: They’re running a little behind. Should be pretty soon.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: Hey, if you’re hungry, there’s a breakfast buffet at the strip club next door.
Penny: Thanks, but I don’t like glitter on my scrambled eggs.
Leonard: I don’t think the strippers prepare the meal, but okay. Look, it’s not how I pictured it either, but I’m still glad we’re doing it.
Penny: Me, too.
Leonard: You sure?
Penny: Yes.
Leonard: And you promise you’re okay with everything from the car?
Penny: Oh, my God, would you stop bringing it up?
Leonard: You’re right. I’m sorry. We have the rest of our lives to dredge stuff up from the past and fight about it. So what do you think? Should we run next door and grab a bite?
Penny: What if they call our names?
Leonard: Oh, don’t worry. They gave me this vibrating coaster.
Penny: Oh, and the fairy tale continues.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s House.
Amy: Thank you for doing this.
Bernadette: Our pleasure. You feeling okay?
Amy: We were together for so long, I honestly don’t know what I’m feeling.
Howard: Well, that’s understandable. You forgot. It’s called happy.
Bernadette: Howard.
Howard: I’m not saying anything bad. Just that she was in love with her captor and somehow managed to escape from his dark and crazy dungeon.
Stuart: I know what you’re going through. My, my, my last breakup was pretty tough.
Amy: Oh. What was her name?
Stuart: Hey, it’s a true story. I don’t need the third degree.
Bernadette: For God’s sake, Sheldon, what are you doing?
Sheldon: I didn’t want to come in. I was told it would make everyone feel uncomfortable. So I’ll just stay out here and pretend that I don’t have to go to the bathroom.
Bernadette: Howard, do something.
Howard: I’m on it.
Amy: Sheldon, you being here might not be making things better.
Sheldon: I see. And is that why everybody was invited but me?
Amy: They didn’t invite everybody but you.Bernadette invited me, and Stuart lives here.
Raj: Who wants hot cinnamon rolls?
Scene: The Wedding Chapel.
Official: So, when you hear the music, that’s your cue. Any questions?
Leonard: Oh, the package that we paid for said the aisle was supposed to be strewn with rose petals.
Official: Where are the rose petals?!
Female Voice We’re out
Leonard: You know what? It’s fine.
Female Voice: We can use the potpourri from the bathroom!
Penny: Really, we’re good.
Leonard: Yup, just want to get married.
Penny: Yeah.
Official: Great. I’ll see you two up there.
Leonard: This is it.
Penny: I know.
Leonard: I love you.
Penny: I love you, too.
Female Voice: Was that a yes or no on the potpourri?
Penny: No, thank you.
Leonard: We’re good.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s House.
Sheldon: Raj, you’re probably wondering why Amy and I aren’t showing any affection to one another.
Raj: Didn’t even crack the top ten.
Sheldon: Well, you should know that she recently broke up with me.
Amy: I said I needed time to think.
Raj: I’m sure you guys will figure something out.
Sheldon: You hear that? Raj is devastated.
Bernadette: Sheldon, shh. The wedding’s starting.
Sheldon: I see what’s happening. Sides are forming. Well, if Bernadette’s on Amy’s team, I pick Howard.
Howard: I’m not taking sides.
Sheldon: Fine, I guess I’m stuck with Raj.
Raj: Really?
Stuart: At least you got picked.
Scene: The Wedding Chapel.
Official: Before I go any further, have either of you prepared your own vows?
Leonard: Yes.
Penny: No. You wrote vows?
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: Well, I don’t have any. You’re kind of making me look bad.
Leonard: It’s okay. I don’t have to say them.
Penny: No, no, no, go ahead. I’ll come up with something mushy, you’ll cry, we got this.
Leonard: Penny, we are made of particles that have existed since the moment the universe began. I like to think those atoms travelled 14 billion years through time and space to create us, so that we could be together and make each other whole.
Penny: Wow.
Official: Penny?
Penny: Right. Um, okay. Leonard, I mean, you’re not only the love of my life. I mean, you’re my best friend, and, you’ve got a friend in me. You got troubles. I got ’em, too. There isn’t anything I wouldn’t do for you. We stick together, and we can see it through, ’cause you’ve got a friend in me.
Official: Is that the song from Toy Story?
Penny: He loves that movie.
Leonard: I do.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Bernadette: Aw, that was beautiful.
Howard: Yeah. I mean, not like our wedding beautiful.
Bernadette: No, we totally won.
Sheldon: Amy, I don’t understand, are we broken up or not? It’s like you can’t make up your mind.
Amy: It’s because you’re not giving me any space to think.
Sheldon: Well, you should think fast, because men can sire offspring their entire lives, but those eggs you’re toting around have a sell-by date.
Amy: You know what, Sheldon, you’ve made this really easy. You’re immature, you’re selfish, you just insulted me to my face. I don’t need any more time to think. We’re broken up.
Bernadette: Amy.
Sheldon: Will someone take me home?
Raj: Yeah. Come on, I’ll give you a ride.
Official (voice from computer) …symbolizes your eternal love. I now pronounce you husband and wife.
Penny: We did it.
Leonard: Yeah, I’m so glad you guys could watch.
Howard: We’ll say it was beautiful in the comment section.
Scene: Hotel corridor.
Leonard: No, no, no. Hang on. I believe I’m supposed to carry you across the threshold.
Penny: Can you?
Leonard: Who do you think carries Sheldon to bed when he falls asleep in front of the TV?
Penny: Okay, let’s do it. You gonna make it?
Leonard: I’m okay.
Penny: Nicely done.
Leonard: Thank you. Finally, there’s a Mrs. Hofstadter who isn’t disappointed in me.
Penny: Well, the night is still young.
Leonard: Everything all right?
Penny: Yeah. I guess.
Leonard: Just tell me.
Penny: It’s just, when we were kissing, I couldn’t help but picture you with that other girl.
Leonard: Oh, no. No, come on. I have a friend in you. You said so.
Penny: You’re right. Just forget it.
Leonard: Yeah. Okay, listen. If you’re imagining that it was sexy, it wasn’t. We, we were both drunk, and she smelled like an ashtray. The boat was moving a lot, so I chipped her tooth.
Penny: Did you feel guilty?
Leonard: No, she had dental insurance.
Penny: Did you feel guilty after kissing her?
Leonard: Yes. I felt guilty as soon as it happened. I feel guilty every time I see her.
Penny: What do you mean, every time you see her?
Leonard: What do I mean? Boy, that’s a toughie.
Penny: You still see her?
Leonard: Well, no, not socially. But, you know, just at work.
Penny: You work with her? How could you not tell me that?
Leonard: I wanted to tell you in the car, but you told me to stop talking
Penny: Oh, okay. So you’re saying this is my fault?
Leonard: No, of course not. Okay, look, instead of fighting, why don’t we dim the lights, um, get naked and make a baby? I was trying to lighten the mood. It’s not easy. You try it.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon (on phone): Hello, Mother.
Mrs Cooper: Shelly! How’s my baby doing?
Sheldon: I just wanted to let you know that you can remove Amy from your nightly prayers. Unless you’re open to praying for a beehive to fall on her head.
Mrs Cooper: Oh, what’s going on?
Sheldon: She broke up with me.
Mrs Cooper: Oh, Shelly.
Sheldon: No, I’ll be okay. But I think that I’d like to send the ring back to you.
Mrs Cooper: Well, let’s not be hasty. Are you sure it’s over for good?
Sheldon: It’s over for me. I’m done with women. Like when I swore off Pop Rocks. They both hurt you on purpose.
Mrs Cooper: You want to tell me what happened?
Sheldon: Are you going to say it’s all part of God’s plan?
Mrs Cooper: Good chance.
Sheldon: Then no, thank you.
Mrs Cooper: Well, honey, don’t send it back yet. Your sister’s married, and I’m not letting your brother give my grandmother’s ring to that whore he’s dating.
Sheldon: Wasn’t Mary Magdalene a woman of ill repute?
Mrs Cooper: When your idiot brother redeems mankind, he can date whoever he wants.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Bernadette: I know it hurts now, but it’s gonna get better.
Amy: Yeah.
Howard: Everything’s gonna be okay.
Stuart: You’ve got so much to offer.
Amy: Thank you.
Stuart: Any man would be lucky to have you.
Bernadette: That’s true.
Amy: I just hope I did the right thing.
Stuart: I’m sure you did. Maybe that’s the problem, you always do the right thing. Maybe it’s time to do the wrong thing.
Amy: Like you’re doing right now?
Stuart: Exactly.
Scene: The stairwell. 
Leonard: I asked you over and over if you were okay. Why would you go through with the wedding if you weren’t?
Penny: I thought I was okay, but it turns out I’m not.
Leonard: Okay, listen, I may not have been entirely faithful, but you, you are not easy to lift.
Sheldon: Wow. Well, marriage must agree with you. Well, you are just glowing.
Leonard: I’m not glowing. I’m upset.
Sheldon: Well, whatever it is, it agrees with you.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon (outside): Knock, knock, knock, Penny? Knock, knock, knock, Penny? Knock, knock, knock, Penny?
Penny: What’s this?
Sheldon: Leonard told me what happened, so I took it upon myself to make you a hot beverage.
Penny: Oh. That’s so sweet of you.
Sheldon: Yeah. I know. Turns out, being sweet isn’t enough to keep a girl these days. I blame Madonna.
Penny: I’m sorry to hear about you and Amy.
Sheldon: Well, I’m sorry about Leonard. Thought I raised him better than that.
Penny: You know, it’s bad enough what happened, but then he tried to hide the fact that he sees her all the time at the university.
Sheldon: He does? Who is it?
Penny: Some girl named Mandy.
Sheldon: Mandy Chao?
Penny: Yeah.
Sheldon: Oh, you don’t need to worry about her. She’s brilliant and attractive. She can do way better
than Leonard.
Penny: That’s great.
Sheldon: Wait a minute. I know this may sound far fetched, but I’m on the market now. You know, if I dated Mandy, that would teach both Leonard and Amy a lesson.
Penny: That’s ridiculous.
Sheldon: Oh, you’re right. I could never be with a woman whose self-esteem was so low she’d be with Leonard.
Penny: I’m with Leonard.
Sheldon: Yeah, I know. Forever. Who would have believed these things would happen to us?
Penny: Right? I can’t believe Amy actually went through with it.
Sheldon: Hang on. You knew that she was going to end it with me? Did you try and stop her?
Penny: I told her to be true to herself and do what makes her happy.
Sheldon: Do what makes her happy? She plays the harp and her car is paid for. How much happier can she be?
Penny: Okay, look, it’s not my fault that she thought you were a bad boyfriend.
Sheldon: I see. Well, I think I’ll be going.
Penny: Sheldon.
Sheldon: No, no, no, no. We are done here. Would you mind opening the door and then angrily slamming it behind me?
Penny: Sure.
Sheldon: Thank you. And slam it hard, because I am pretty steamed.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Howard (on phone): All right, Leonard, hang in there. Talk to you tomorrow.
Bernadette: What happened? They just got married.
Howard: I don’t know. It’s a mess. They had a huge fight in Vegas.
Bernadette: Think they’ll break up?
Howard: I don’t know. Sounds pretty bad. Penny’s back in her apartment all by herself.
Stuart: Really?
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Would you like to hear another reason why men are better than women?
Leonard: Sure, let’s make it an even hundred.
Sheldon: You would never kiss me and make me say I love you and then break up with me.
Leonard: I wouldn’t.
Sheldon: And you know why? ‘Cause you’re a man. The champagne of genders.
Leonard: Well, I may be a man, but I think I’m the one that screwed up on this one.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, and you admit it, like a man. All you hear women say is, I’ll just have a salad. You know? Where’s my lip gloss? I think this element should be called radium. That last one was Madame Curie.
Leonard: I figured that out.
Sheldon: You know what? She was kind of an honorary man. She had a penis made of science.
Leonard: Can’t believe I’m spending my wedding night with you.
Sheldon: Really? I never imagined it any other way.
 
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Why are you up?
Leonard: How am I supposed to sleep? I’ve been married less than 24 hours, and my wife isn’t speaking to me.
Sheldon: Perhaps you can think of this n a more positive light. In one day, you’ve managed to do what it takes many couples decades to achieve.
Penny (entering): Hi.
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: You couldn’t sleep either?
Leonard: Of course not.
Sheldon: Me neither. But I just had a tickle in my throat, not profound marital problems.
Leonard: What are we gonna do?
Penny: I don’t know.
Leonard: Please, tell me how I can fix it.
Sheldon: Glad you asked. As I see it, there’s a simple solution. Your lips had a dalliance with the lips of another woman. It seems only logical that to restore balance to the relationship, you should find another man and dally with him. And by dally, I mean some hardcore mouth-on-mouth action.
Leonard: Okay, that is the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.
Penny: Actually, I think he’s onto something.
Leonard: You can’t be serious. ‘Cause I messed up and made out with a girl, you’re gonna do the same with a random guy?
Sheldon: I’m currently single.
Penny: That’s true. You are.
Leonard: What is happening?
Sheldon: I will tell you what is happening. I am saving my best friend’s marriage.
Leonard (waking up): U-u-u-uh!
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy (on skype): Sheldon, I don’t think you understand how being broken up works. The only way I can sort through my feelings is if there is space between us. Every time I see you, it re-traumatizes me. I go through the pain all over again.
Sheldon: Well, hello to you, too.
Amy: What do you want?
Sheldon: I understand we’re no longer a couple, but I would like to remind you that we made a baby together.
Amy: What baby?
Sheldon: A precocious little Internet show known as Fun With Flags.
Amy: I’m hanging up.
Sheldon: Great. See you in about half an hour.
Amy: Sheldon, I am not doing Fun With Flags with you.
Sheldon: Why not?
Amy: Because we’re broken up.
Sheldon: Sonny and Cher made it work. Their variety show kept going long after the divorce, and here we are still talking about them.
Amy: No one’s talking about Sonny and Cher.
Sheldon: You must be thinking about Donny and Marie, ’cause you and I are clearly talking about Sonny and Cher.
Amy: Sheldon, this has to stop. I know it’s hard. It’s hard for me, too. But I’ve seen and talked to you more in the two days we’ve been broken up than in the last two months that we were together.
Sheldon: Well, if you want to see less of me, maybe we should go out again.
Scene: The Comic Book Store.
Raj: I can’t believe you made out with Mandy Chao.
Leonard: Well, trust me, I wish it never happened.
Raj: And you knew about this this whole time?
Howard: I did.
Raj: And you didn’t think to tell me?
Howard: Leonard asked me to keep it to myself.
Raj: Let’s leave Leonard out of this for the moment. This is about you and me.
Leonard: Wait, wait, wait, how is my day-old marriage falling apart becoming about you two?
Raj: Hang on. What do I need to do to make you trust me?
Howard: You think it’s hard having one wife, try having two.
Raj: I bet you told Bernadette all about how he was screwing around with Mandy Chao.
Leonard: Oh, we didn’t screw around. We just got drunk and made out.
Raj: Whatever. It would have been nice to hear it from you.
Scene: Amy’s apartment. Sheldon knocks three times. 
Amy: What are you doing here?
Sheldon: I’m here to return your belongings. That’s what people who’ve broken up do.
Amy: And you didn’t do your compulsive knocking ritual so I would open the door.
Sheldon: On the contrary, you no longer get to enjoy my charming eccentricities. We’re not friends with benefits.
Amy: Just give me the box.
Sheldon: Wait. Don’t you want to go through it to make sure I haven’t forgotten anything?
Amy: Fine. My old scarf.
Sheldon: You wore it the night we went ice-skating. Remember?
Amy: You mean the night that I went ice-skating, and you stood at the rail googling the symptoms of hypothermia?
Sheldon: We made one heck of a team, huh?
Amy: Whose bra is this?
Sheldon: It’s not yours? Oh, my. How embarrassing for both of us.
Amy: It’s Penny’s.
Sheldon: Hey, you broke up with me. It is none of your business whose naked bosom I’m smooshing around like pizza dough.
Amy: Good-bye.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. Hmm. Tables work, too. Good to know.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s kitchen.
Howard: Ooh, brownies for girls’ night!
Bernadette: Hands off. I’m mad at you.
Howard: Look, I know it’s a lot of money, but the guy at the store said in five to seven years, it’ll pay for itself.
Bernadette: What will pay for itself?
Howard: Doesn’t matter. What are you mad about?
Bernadette: I’m mad at you for blabbing to me what Leonard did on the North Sea, and I’m mad that I’ve had to hide this from Penny for two years.
Howard: And you have every right to be mad about those things. So, why don’t you let me handle the credit card bill this month, huh? I mean, don’t even look at it.
Bernadette: I mean, if Penny finds out I’ve known all this time and haven’t told her, she’s gonna think I’m a terrible friend. I wish you never told me.
Howard: And I wish Leonard never told me. He’s the bad guy here.
Bernadette: I guess that’s true.
Howard: And you let Penny marry him. Compared to that, who cares if I bought a George Clooney limited edition manscaping kit?
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard (on phone): Hi. I’m calling about your marriage counselling services and was curious what your rate is. Really? Um, okay. Is there any kind of discount for length of marriage? ‘Cause we’re just talking hours here.
Penny (entering): Hi.
Leonard: Call you back. Hey.
Penny: Can we talk?
Leonard: I would love that.
Penny: All right, look, I’m sorry I said I was okay with everything before we got married. I hate that we’re going through this, but I don’t know what to do.
Leonard: If you don’t mind waiting for a Groupon, we can try marriage counselling.
Sheldon (entering): Hello.
Leonard: Hey, uh, buddy, can we have some privacy?
Sheldon: Oh, of course. Wouldn’t want to intrude. This is yours.
Penny: Okay, when I’m done with him, I’m gonna need more information.
Sheldon: Nothing odd. I just wanted to rub Amy’s nose in it.
Penny: Okay, look, I might be overreacting, but how am I supposed to get past this when I know tomorrow you’re gonna go to work and see this woman?
Sheldon: Now, forgive me for eavesdropping, but as I see it, there’s a simple solution.
Leonard: Wake up, wake up, wake up.
Sheldon: Bring Penny to meet Mandy.
Leonard: What? Why?
Sheldon: Well, right now, Penny’s imagination is running wild, but if they meet, that will eliminate the mystery and alleviate her fears. Like when that Sparkletts guy let me look under his eye patch.
Leonard: Uh, first of all, you made that guy cry.
Sheldon: And we learned that you don’t need an eyeball to do that.
Leonard: Secondly, I can’t think of a more horrible idea than Penny meeting Mandy.
Penny: Really? Why is that?
Leonard: What, you actually want to meet her?
Penny: No, but now that you’re being weird about it, maybe I should.
Leonard: I’m not being weird. Am I being weird?
Sheldon: Yes. And that’s coming from me.
Leonard: Fine, you want to meet her?
Penny: No, I just want to know that when you’re at work, there’s nothing going on.
Leonard: How many times do I have to tell you? I have no interest in this woman.
Penny: Yeah, well, maybe she has interest in you.
Sheldon: In Leonard? Oh, even the Sparkletts guy could see that’s unlikely.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: I guess my big problem is I never saw Leonard as the kind of guy who would do something like this.
Amy: Anybody can make a mistake in a weak moment.
Penny: What do you think?
Bernadette: I don’t know what to think. But then again, I just found out about it.
Penny: You know, I fell in love with Leonard because he wasn’t anything like the guys I was used to dating. I mean, I knew those guys weren’t above cheating because that’s usually how we met.
Amy: Come on, you know Leonard’s not like that.
Penny: I want to believe you. I really do. Am I being naive?
Bernadette: Oh, I don’t know. This is all so new to me. I’m still processing.
Penny: You know, he never would’ve done this when we first met. He’s cockier now.
Amy: That’s because you made him more confident.
Bernadette: You know, if you think about it, without you, he never would’ve grown into the person he is now. I mean, sure, more women might notice him, but I think it’s better to have a guy be with you because he wants to be and not because he thinks he doesn’t have any other choice.
Penny: I never thought about it like that.
Bernadette: Oh, me neither, not until just now.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hello. I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper, and welcome to Sheldon Cooper Presents: Fun With Flags. You may notice that I’m holding a remote control. That’s because my cameraperson and co-host, Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler, has chosen to end her relationship with me. I’m going to pause here to let that sink in. Okay. If you need to pause a little longer, just click the pause button. But the show must go on. And thankfully, all the things my girlfriend used to do can be taken care of with my right hand. Anyway, let’s not spend any more time talking about her. We’re here to talk about flags. Tonight’s theme, flags of countries that have been torn apart and the women I have a feeling were responsible.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: You guys have any idea how much it costs to see a marriage counsellor?
Howard: 250 dollars an hour. Why?
Raj: How do you know?
Howard: Bernadette and I have occasionally gone to one to, you know, stay on top of things.
Raj: And I’m just hearing about this now?
Howard: Dude, just because we’re best friends doesn’t mean that I have to tell you everything that goes on.
Raj: You don’t have to, you should want to.
Leonard: Oh, great, there’s Mandy.
Howard: Why are marine biologists always so cute?
Raj: I don’t know, but I’d like to get lost in her Bermuda Triangle.
Leonard: That’s not helpful.
Howard: Then I won’t say I’d like to cover three-quarters of her surface area.
Leonard: Are we done?
Raj: Not yet, this is fun. Ooh, I know. I’d let her free my willy. Where you going?
Leonard: I’m gonna ask her if she’d be willing to talk to Penny, tell her she has nothing to worry about.
Howard: Leonard, wait.
Leonard: What?
Howard: I’d like to SpongeBob her SquarePants.
Raj: Now we are done.
Leonard: Hey.
Mandy: Oh, hi, Leonard. What’s up?
Leonard: Uh, do you mind if I sit?
Mandy: Sure.
Leonard: So, um, I’ve been thinking a lot about you and me and the boat.
Mandy: What about it?
Leonard: You know, what we did, when we were drunk.
Mandy: Oh, no, did I sleep with you, too?
Leonard: No, we just made out.
Mandy: Oh. Well, good for me. So what can I do for you?
Leonard: Uh, okay, well, um, I got married recently.
Mandy: Oh, congratulations. To Sheldon?
Leonard: Never gets old. No, no, to a girl. Anyway, I told her what happened between you and me, and she’s concerned about us seeing each other at work.
Mandy: It was just a kiss. Why would you even tell her?
Leonard: Because I didn’t want there to be any secrets between us.
Mandy: Is that really the reason?
Leonard: What else would it be?
Mandy: I don’t know. Sounds like you’re trying to sabotage the relationship.
Leonard: No, I don’t think so. Although, Penny did say exactly that.
Mandy: Okay, well, that’s something to think about.
Leonard: You know, on some level, I’ve always believed that I don’t deserve a woman like her.
Mandy: Oh, you’re gonna think about that right here?
Leonard: I mean, she’s really beautiful. She could have any guy she wants. Which is probably why it took her so many years to tell me she loved me.
Mandy: Maybe you should talk to a therapist about this.
Leonard: Too expensive. You’d think I’d be used to women withholding their love. I mean, my mother did. I mean, no matter how hard I tried, she just didn’t have any interest in me.
Mandy: Imagine that.
Leonard: I wonder if that’s why I have such a dysfunctional relationship with Sheldon. I had a dream the other night that I was in a cave and I was nursing a baby, but the baby had Sheldon’s head on it.
Mandy: And your wife is worried about me?
Raj: Hey, Leonard, when you’re done, we came up with a bunch more.
Scene: Amy’s apartment. Amy is watching Fun With Flags.
Sheldon (on screen): And then the Czech Republic says to Slovakia, I don’t think you understand how being broken up works. Can you believe that? You’d think that the Czech Republic would try to hold on to what it had, given that it’s not as young as it used to be. And I don’t see any other countries lining up to invade its southern borders.
Amy: I’m gonna kill him.
Sheldon: But enough about the Czech Republic. Let’s talk about the time Moldova made Romania a birthday cake and Romania said it tasted good even though it didn’t. And yet Romania gets dumped. I’ll pause here while you mull that one over. I know, right?
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: So, you said you had something to tell me.
Leonard: Okay, yeah, um, do you remember when you accused me of trying to sabotage our wedding?
Penny: Uh-huh.
Leonard: I’ve been thinking about it, and you might be right. But the good news is that I’m pretty sure I know why.
Penny: I’m listening.
Leonard: Penny, after all these years, I still feel like maybe I don’t deserve you.
Penny: Okay, that is the lamest excuse you could’ve possibly come up with. But I get it.
Leonard: You do?
Penny: Yeah. Yeah, sometimes I worry you’re gonna wake up and leave me for someone more like you.
Leonard: I don’t even understand why you’re with someone like me. Why would I want to be with someone like me?
Penny: You know what I mean. And, you know, maybe the way I’ve been reacting was me sabotaging this, too.
Leonard: Well, how about we stop being so scared of losing each other and just be together?
Penny: That sounds nice.
Leonard: Good. Because I’ve loved you since the moment we met, and I will keep loving you until the end of time.
Penny: Oh. Oh, my God, that is the most beautiful thing anyone’s ever said to me.
Leonard: Yeah? That’s because you’re beautiful, and your beauty fills my heart with love and song.
Penny: It’s getting kind of cheesy, Leonard.
Leonard: Huh? If you think that’s cheesy, buckle up. Penny Hofstadter, will you please stay married to me?
Penny: Oh, damn it, you topped it. Should we go to the bedroom and make this marriage official?
Leonard: Yes, please.
Penny: Okay.
Scene: The apartment. 
Penny: Sheldon, I can’t believe you got us a wedding gift.
Sheldon: I don’t know why you’re so surprised. I watch movies, I see what people do.
Leonard: What is this?
Sheldon: Plane tickets and hotel reservations for a weekend away in San Francisco.
Penny: Oh.
Leonard: Wow.
Penny: That’s so great.
Sheldon: Yeah, there’s Fisherman’s Wharf and Alcatraz and cable cars. We’re gonna have so much fun.
Penny: We?
Sheldon: Is there a problem?
Penny: Oh, no, no, I just, I said, Whee.
Amy (at door): How dare you go on the Internet and say mean things about me and compare my genitalia to part of Czechoslovakia?
Sheldon: You saw through that one, did you?
Amy: I don’t know what you were thinking, but take the video down now.
Sheldon: She watched it. I’m gonna get that girl back.
Amy: I only watched it because you e-mailed it to me with the subject line this is gonna make you mad.
Sheldon: She was listening through the door. She wants me.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Would you pass the mustard?
Leonard: Sure. Hey, want to hear a fun fact about mustard?
Sheldon: Is it that the glucosinolates which give mustard its flavour were evolved by the cabbage family as a chemical defence against caterpillars?
Leonard: Yeah.
Sheldon: Well, that was fun. Good for you, Leonard.
Raj (entering with Howard): Hey, there.
Leonard: Hey, you’re early. The movie doesn’t start for an hour.
Howard: Actually, we’re not going to the movies. We are here to kidnap you.
Leonard: What are you talking about?
Raj: Well, you eloped and we didn’t get a chance to throw you a bachelor party, so there’s a van downstairs and we’re here to take you to a surprise location for the weekend.
Sheldon: Well, I’d hardly call this kidnapping. Where’s the blindfold? Where’s the duct tape? Where’s the part where you call me and demand ransom and I try to keep you on the phone, but you hang up seconds before I can trace it and then I say I’m getting too old for this crud?
Leonard: When do we leave?
Howard: Right now.
Raj: Yeah, Penny packed you a bag.
Howard: Wow, okay.
Sheldon: You’re seriously going to get in a van and let these two take you to an unknown destination for an entire weekend?
Raj: Oh, not just him, you’re coming, too.
Sheldon: Oh, and how do you think you’re going to get me to do that?
Scene: Outside, by a van.
Sheldon: Unhand me. This is ridiculous.
Howard: I told you to put tape on his mouth.
Raj: And I told you he bit me.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The van.
Sheldon: It’s bad enough I’m being taken against my will. I don’t see why it has to be in some hippie’s mobile sex dungeon.
Howard: Well, Sheldon, there’s something about this van that you’re going to find very interesting.
Sheldon: It runs on syphilis?
Raj: This van was owned and driven by your personal physics hero, Richard Feynman.
Sheldon: No.
Howard: Yeah. A buddy of mine let me borrow it.
Leonard: This was Feynman’s van? That’s so cool.
Raj: Yeah, nothing’s been changed since he drove it.
Howard: I bet he picked up a lot of cute grad students in this bad boy.
Sheldon: Yeah, and talked about physics with them.
Leonard: So, are you gonna give us a clue where we’re headed?
Raj: Uh, okay, let’s see. They’ve got spicy food and there’s a chance you’ll get diarrhoea.
Leonard: India.
Raj: We can drive there.
Leonard: Your house?
Howard: We are going to Me-hi-co.
Leonard: Fun, I’ve never been there.
Sheldon: Leonard, don’t be fooled. I’m from Texas, Me-hi-co is Spanish for Mexico.
Raj: What’s wrong with Mexico?
Sheldon: Uh, mariachi bands, wild dogs, beans that jump around ’cause there’s a worm inside.
Howard: Okay, calm down. There’s a theme to this weekend. We are going to Mexico in Feynman’s van to stay at the vacation house Feynman bought with the money from his Nobel Prize.
Sheldon: Viva la Imodium. Ay-ay-ay.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Bernadette: Come on, Leonard’s doing bachelor stuff. You sure we can’t take you to a strip club?
Penny: Nah, if I want to see a naked dancing man, I just flush the toilet while Leonard’s in the shower.
Amy (entering): Hi.
Penny: Hey.
Amy: I know we’re not making a fuss, but in the spirit of bachelorette parties, I made cookies in the shape of male genitals.
Penny: You really didn’t have to, whoa! That is anatomic.
Amy: Thank you. The veins are gummy worms.
Bernadette: Oh, look, Jewish and gentile.
Amy: I had extra dough.
Penny (reading text): Oh, that’s Leonard. He said they’re about to cross the border.
Bernadette: I hope the boys don’t get too crazy in Mexico.
Penny: Oh, yeah, right. Lock up your daughters or Sheldon might lecture them about the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Amy: Boy, that was a long night for me.
Scene: The van.
Sheldon: Uh-oh. According to this Mexican customs website, visitors may not bring more than five laser discs, 20 compact discs or 12 VHS tapes.
Raj: We don’t have any of those.
Sheldon: How can you be sure? VHS was king when Feynman drove this van. For all we know, there are hidden compartments lousy with Jane Fonda workout videos.
Leonard: If there was a hidden compartment, don’t you think you’d be stuffed in it by now?
Sheldon: Are we all up to date on our yellow fever inoculations?
Howard: You don’t need a yellow fever shot to go to Mexico.
Sheldon: You can never be too careful. I got one last year before I went to Epcot.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Amy: So, Penny, how’s married life?
Penny: Oh, it’s good. I just wish Leonard would work up the courage to tell Sheldon he’s moving in here.
Bernadette: You guys still aren’t living together?
Penny: We are. I mean, he sleeps here. But it’s only a matter of time before Sheldon has a bad dream and tries to climb into bed with the Leonard-shaped pile of pillows.
Bernadette: Speaking of Sheldon, how’s single life treating you?
Amy: Fine, I guess. I’ve been focusing on me. I was thinking about changing my wardrobe.
Penny: Yes.
Bernadette: Good for you.
Amy: But then I decided I don’t want to go changing who I am just because of some man.
Penny: Yes.
Bernadette: Good for you.
Penny: You know, it is normal to want to change your look after a breakup.
Amy: Actually, I was thinking of making one small change.
Bernadette: Your sweater?
Penny: Your glasses?
Bernadette: Your hair?
Penny: Your shoes.
Amy: Piercing my ears.
Penny: Oh.
Bernadette: You really never had that done?
Amy: My mom said pierced ears were for whores, pirates and genies.
Penny: Okay, well, you’re a grown woman now.
Amy: I know, but Sheldon had this clause in the Relationship Agreement forbidding cosmetic surgery unless it’s to look like a Klingon.
Bernadette: We’ll take you to the mall to get it done.
Penny: Why? I can do it right here.
Amy: Really? You have a piercing gun?
Penny: No. All you need is a needle and an ice cube. I’ve done it, like, a dozen times.
Amy: Oh, I don’t know.
Penny: Oh, come on. I’ll be gentle. Let me take your ear virginity.
Bernadette: This party’s weird.
Scene: The van.
Leonard: Hey, watch your speed. I hear the Mexican police target tourists.
Howard: Oh, not a problem. If anything goes down, we just put Koothrappali in the driver’s seat and slap a sombrero on his head.
Raj: Dude, how many races can you offend in a single breath?
Howard: I don’t know. Have you watched the Olympics with me?
Leonard: Sheldon, can you believe that we’re driving in a van that was owned by one of the greatest scientific minds of the 20th century? It’s like the Batmobile. If Batman was real and a physicist and his car wasn’t cool.
Sheldon: It is extraordinary.
Raj: Perhaps some of his mojo will rub off on us. Maybe between this and his beach house, we will be inspired to greatness.
Sheldon: I usually don’t put too much stock in charms and talismans. However, even I must admit feeling Richard Feynman’s butt dent cupping my own bottom that does get the creative juices flowing.
Howard: Hey, I have to return this van. Keep your creative juices in your pants.
Sheldon: What was that?
Howard: I think it’s a tyre.
Sheldon: What if it’s banditos shooting at us? What if we get kidnapped? What if we end up in a factory making Bart Simpson piñatas for the rest of our lives?
Howard: It’s the tyre.
Sheldon: Leonard?
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: I am getting too old for this crud.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Bernadette: Amy, I noticed your status still says in a relationship on Facebook.
Amy: You’re right. I should probably let all of my Facebook friends know. Penny, I’m no longer in a relationship.
Bernadette: Did you change yours to married yet?
Penny: Uh, no, not yet. There’s still a few people I haven’t told personally.
Amy: Who?
Penny: Oh, just my parents and my entire family.
Bernadette: What?
Amy: Why?
Penny: Well, I don’t want to hurt my dad. You know, he always wanted to dance with his daughter at her wedding.
Bernadette: What about your sister’s wedding?
Penny: They started to, then her water broke. You know, if he finds out we eloped, it’s gonna break his heart.
Amy: How long do you think you can keep it from him?
Bernadette: Yeah, isn’t it gonna get worse the longer you wait?
Penny: Well, not necessarily. You know, Dad’s not getting any younger, so if I wait long enough, I’ll just tell him he walked me down the aisle and it was magical.
Scene: Mexico.
Raj: When did you learn how to change a tyre?
Howard: Every self-respecting gentleman should know how in case he comes across a damsel in distress by the side of the road.
Sheldon: If I see one scorpion, I am getting on someone’s shoulders and never coming down.
Leonard: And there’s your damsel.
Howard: Wow, this one’s really stuck.
Raj: Are you turning it the right way?
Howard: No. I took the other four off and when I got to this one, I thought, you know, I’m in a rut, let’s shake things up.
Raj: Here, let me try. You’re right, it doesn’t turn the other way.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Penny: There you go. You’re all done.
Amy: That wasn’t so bad. Nice. Boy, if my mom could see me now, she’d lock me in the sin closet.
Bernadette: That’s a joke, right?
Amy: Actually, the joke was on her. I could still see the TV through the slats.
Penny: I’m starting to see why you and your mom aren’t very close.
Bernadette: Bet she’d still tell her if she got married.
Penny: You’re not gonna let this go, are you?
Amy: Well, it’s kind of sad that they don’t know. I mean, they love Leonard.
Penny: Fine, you want me to call? I’ll call. Why am I so nervous?
Bernadette: It’s understandable. Amy was afraid to tell her mom she broke up with Sheldon.
Penny: Yeah? How did it go? Did she make you crawl into the breaking-up drawer?
Amy: Uh, well, actually, to be honest, I haven’t told her yet.
Penny: You’ve been giving me a hard time and you haven’t even told your mom about Sheldon?
Amy: I’m feeling a little dizzy from all the blood loss. I don’t know what you’re talking about.
Penny: Fine. I’m calling home, but when I’m done, you’re calling your mother.
Amy: Easy for you to say. You never had to watch 60 Minutes like this.
Penny: Hey, Daddy.
Penny’s Dad: Hey, slugger. How’s my girl?
Penny: Uh, good. Is Mom around?
Penny’s Dad: Ah, she took your brother out to celebrate. He just got his tenth one-month sober chip. Yeah, she’s gonna make him a little necklace.
Penny: Okay, I’ll talk to her later. Uh, Dad, there’s something I need to tell you. Leonard and I got married.
Penny’s Dad: You did? When?
Penny: Last week. I’m sorry, I should’ve told you. It was a spur of the moment thing. I feel terrible. Please don’t be too disappointed.
Penny’s Dad: Are you happy?
Penny: Very. Leonard is so great.
Penny’s Dad: Well, then I’m happy for you.
Penny: Aw, thank you, Daddy. That means so much.
Penny’s Dad: Well, I understand it’s hard to tell someone something if you think it’s gonna upset ’em.
Penny: It is. You’re the best dad ever.
Penny’s Dad: Yeah. Uh, hold that thought. I’ve been sitting on a little news myself.
Penny: Well, what is it?
Penny’s Dad: You know that rototiller I got for the tractor?
Penny: No.
Penny’s Dad: Oh, you should see it. It is a beautiful piece of machinery. Anyway, uh, I backed over your pet pig with it.
Penny: Moondance?
Penny’s Dad: Yeah, he’s, uh, not dancing anymore.
Penny: You killed my pig?
Penny’s Dad: I did not kill him. The vet took care of that.
Penny: When?
Penny’s Dad: Oh, ten, twelve months ago.
Penny: You didn’t tell me for a year?
Penny’s Dad: Well, apple doesn’t fall far from the tree, does it? Love ya, slugger. Gotta go.
Bernadette: Okay, Amy, your turn.
Scene: Mexico.
Howard: What are you doing?
Raj: It’s called Lamaze breathing. It helps you push.
Howard: Great. He’s pushing with his uterus.
Raj: There’s got to be a smarter way of removing it.
Leonard: Yeah, this is nothing more than a physics problem.
Sheldon: Right. Archimedes once said give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
Raj: Of course. All we need is to find stuff to make a lever big enough to fix this.
Howard: Exactly. I’ll bet there’s something around here that could be a lever.
Leonard: Let’s see, a lever, a lever.
Sheldon: Everybody hold on. Let’s take this problem one step at a time. First, we need to decide whether we’re calling it leever or lehver. And the sooner we decide it’s leever, the sooner we can roll up our sleeves, not slehves, and get to work.
Leonard: We’re gonna be here foreever.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Thanks a lot, guys.
Bernadette: What did we do?
Penny: Before I made that call, my pig was alive and happy and rolling around in the mud. Now he’s illegally buried in our backyard next to my great-grandmother.
Bernadette: Really? They didn’t eat him?
Penny: No. He was a beloved member of the family.
Bernadette: The breakfast meat family?
Penny: It’s not funny. You’re up. Call your mother.
Amy: Oh, maybe later. Your pig dying made me sad. And a little hungry.
Penny: Phone, now.
Amy: Okay. Okay. Fine. Hi, Mom.
Penny: Try dialing.
Amy: You saw that, huh? Hi, Mom. How are you doing? Oh, good. How’s work? That’s nice. I’m fine. Hey, listen, I’ve been meaning to ask, how come Aunt Doe and Aunt Florence never got along?
Penny: Okay, just give me that. Amy broke up with Sheldon, she got her ears pierced and she made us eat penis cookies. Hang on. She wants to talk to you.
Scene: Mexico.
Leonard: I don’t think the lever’s working.
Howard: What makes you say that?
Leonard: There’s gotta be something else we could try.
Raj: If this was Star Trek, we could use a phaser to blast it off.
Howard: No, it’s too broad of a beam. You’d need something more precise, like Superman’s heat vision.
Sheldon: Ooh, the Green Lantern’s ring could make a big green hand that unscrews it.
Raj: If you need a green hand, why not just use the Hulk?
Sheldon: Oh, please, the Hulk would never get across the border with that temper.
Leonard: Guys, excuse me, not that calling one of the Avengers isn’t a perfectly reasonable choice, but we’re scientists. Don’t you think we can figure this out using actual science?
Sheldon: Yes, we could use science. But it’s your bachelor party. Lighten up.
Caption: Scientific Principle: Percussive Shock.
Howard (singing): We will, we will percussive shock you.
Howard and Raj (singing): We will, we will percussive shock you.
Sheldon (singing): Buddy you’re a boy, make a big noise playin’ in the street, gonna be a big man someday. You got mud on your face, you big disgrace, kickin’ your can all over the place. I have an eidetic memory. Sometimes it’s a curse.
Caption: Scientific Principle: Thermal Expansion.
Raj: I had no idea tortilla chips were such a good fuel source.
Leonard: They’re basically pure hydrocarbons soaked in fat. Let’s hope the lug nut expands.
Sheldon: What if that burning food attracts animals?
Howard: We have plenty of food for the animals.
Sheldon: We do?
Howard: Yep. A six-foot wiener in a Flash T-shirt.
Sheldon: That’s not very nice.
Leonard: It’s a bachelor party. Lighten up.
Caption: Scientific Principle: Accelerated Corrosion.
Sheldon: What is that awful smell?
Howard: It’s burning salsa. I’m hoping the acidity and salinity combined with electricity will corrode the lug nut off.
Sheldon: What an innovative solution. Perhaps I don’t give your MIT education enough credit.
Howard: Yeah, I saw it on Mythbusters.
Caption: Scientific Principle: Exothermic Reaction.
Sheldon: All right, this rust, combined with the aluminium recovered from the van, is now thermite.
Howard: Great. Couple of pinches ought to do the trick.
Raj: Is that enough to melt the lug nut?
Leonard: Well, let’s start small. We can always add more.
Howard: You put up a good fight, lug nut, but you’ve met your match.
Scene: A moment later, next to the burning van.
Raj: Hey, look, the lug nut’s off.
Scene: The stairwell.
Penny: What? What are you doing back?
Leonard: We got a flat and couldn’t get the tyre off.
Penny: Oh, I’m sorry.
Leonard: Thank you.
Penny: If it makes you feel any better, I pierced Amy’s ears and her mom made her sit in my closet.
Sheldon: We blew up Feynman’s van.
Penny: My dad killed my pig with his tractor.
Leonard: I spent the night in Mexico with Sheldon.
Penny: You win.
 								
			
				Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: What a wonderful day, thank you.
Penny: Oh, we’re glad you had fun.
Sheldon: Blue Icees and a trip to The Container Store? It’s like I died and went to the post-mortem, neuron-induced hallucination commonly mistaken as heaven.
Leonard: I still don’t understand why you bought that pill caddie. You’re a young man.
Sheldon: Age is a state of mind, Leonard. In here I’m 90. Why are you taking your bins over there?
Leonard: It’s just where I need them. You know, she doesn’t have a lot of closet space.
Sheldon: What’s wrong with your closet?
Penny: Uh, well, honey, you know, now that Leonard and I are married, it kind of makes sense that we actually live together.
Sheldon: So that’s all this day was? A plan to butter me up before delivering bad news?
Leonard: Come on, buddy.
Sheldon: No, I thought we were friends. You asked for a sip of my Icee. If you had your own straw, I might’ve said yes.
Penny: Sheldon, please, we already feel bad about this.
Sheldon: You know what they don’t sell at The Container Store? Something large enough to contain my disappointment. Although, if anyone did, it would be them.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Sheldon: Thank you for letting me come speak with you.
Bernadette: Of course.
Sheldon: As my relationships with Penny and Amy are currently strained, I’m turning to you for female comfort and encouragement.
Bernadette: Aw. I’m honoured.
Sheldon: I tried reaching out to my mother, but she was in Bible study. Leonard’s mother is on a book tour. My Mee-Maw was taking a nap, and after a while Siri started repeating her answers.
Bernadette: So, I’m your seventh choice.
Sheldon: Yeah, I know, top ten, pretty exciting.
Bernadette: How can I help you?
Sheldon: Well, in addition to Amy leaving me, Leonard’s moving in with Penny. It’s difficult not to feel abandoned.
Bernadette: Well, why don’t you look at this as an opportunity? You had other roommates before Leonard. Maybe this is a chance to find someone new.
Sheldon: Perhaps I could find someone better than Leonard. Someone I can rub in his face. Chris Pratt’s all the rage right now. I wonder how he’d feel about taking the smaller bedroom.
Stuart: Hey.
Bernadette: Hey. You know who would be the perfect roomie?
Sheldon: Gandalf, but he’s a smoker.
Bernadette: Stuart. He’s been living with us for a while now. I’m sure he’d love to get us out of his hair.
Stuart: Nope, couldn’t be happier.
Bernadette: Well, Sheldon’s looking for a roommate.
Stuart: Nope.
Bernadette: He’ll think about it.
Stuart: No I won’t.
Scene: The comic book store.
Raj: Have you seen this Archie comic? It’s actually Archie versus Predator.
Howard: How could Archie defeat Predator?
Raj: I don’t know. Maybe Jughead’s a Terminator.
Stuart: Hey.
Howard: Hey, Stuart.
Stuart: Do you guys know any musicians?
Howard: Why?
Stuart: I was thinking it might be cool to have live music here a few nights a week. You know, give this place more of a staying in business vibe.
Howard: What kind of music are you thinking of?
Stuart: I like all kinds of music, but my favourite genre is free.
Raj: Hey, we’ve always talked about playing together.
Howard: Well, it could be fun to try a little acoustic thing.
Raj: Oh, we could play filk music.
Stuart: What’s that?
Raj: It’s been around for years. It’s like folk music, but with a sci-fi/fantasy theme.
Stuart: I like it. It sounds exactly like something I shouldn’t be expected to pay for.
Raj: Dude, if we do this, we’re gonna need a cool band name.
Howard: You know, I’ve actually had one I’ve been sitting on for years.
Raj: Really?
Howard: It was for this power trio I tried to put together in junior high, but I was short two friends.
Raj: What is it?
Howard: Footprints on the Moon.
Raj: I just got chills.
Howard: So did I.
Stuart: Me, too. But I, uh, might have Lyme Disease.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Just a few more signatures, and we’ll be finished. Initial here to acknowledge that you’ve returned your key. Okay. As my future neighbour, I’d like you to have a key. Initial here to acknowledge you received it.
Penny: I’m proud of you. You’re taking this really well.
Sheldon: Well, it’s not like I’m never going to see you two again. Which brings us to article 23 subsection C, please check here to reserve your spot at the ten year roommate reunion.
Leonard: Do I really have to do that now?
Sheldon: No, but if you want chicken and get stuck with the fish, that’s on you. All right. Oh, and lastly, please initial here to confirm that ownership of the living room couch is hereby transferred to me in perpetuity all throughout the universe and all alternate universes except for those universes where owning a couch is forbidden by the hive queen. In which case, all glory to the hive queen. All right, now all that’s left is for us to sign and date the document, and we will officially no longer be roommates.
Penny: What’s the matter?
Leonard: It’s harder than I thought.
Sheldon: Let me help you. L. E. O. N.
Leonard: That helped.
Scene: Raj’s apartment. 
Raj: So I have an idea for a filk song. It’s kind of a, a power ballad, superhero crossover tale of epic proportions.
Howard: Is it cold in here, ’cause, oh, my.
Raj: Okay, so it’s a, it’s a David and Goliath story. It’s about man against God. It’s called Hammer and Whip, The Untold Story of Thor versus Indiana Jones.
Howard: Thor versus Indiana Jones? You just blew my filking mind.
Raj: Okay, I don’t have it all worked out yet, but I was thinking something like, um, Oh, Indy, oh, Indy, the skies are so windy. Is that a flying man with a killer bod? Wait, that’s no man, it’s a Norse god.
Howard: Oh yes, definitely. Hang on. Thunder clapped as Thor raised his mighty hammer. Indy rapped, that’s one bad mamma-jamma.
Raj: That is, that is so good!
Howard: Right? Mamma-jamma just came to me.
Raj: Okay, and here’s the hook. Thor and Dr. Jones. Thor and Dr. Jones. One plays with lightning, the other plays with bones.
Together: Thor and Dr. Jones. Thor and Dr. Jones. One plays with lightning, the other plays with bones.
Howard: Oh, man, that rocks.
Raj: Hey, remember The Ark of the Covenant?
Howard: Yeah?
Raj: That’s how much we’re gonna melt people’s faces off.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: I appreciate your interest in the apartment. I just need to ask you a few standard questions.
Bespectacled Man: Sure.
Sheldon: It says here you’re a chemist. Which element on the periodic table do you feel is too big for its britches?
Bespectacled Man: Is that supposed to be a joke?
Sheldon: Looks like argon’s not the only one with an attitude problem.
Fade to another candidate.
Sheldon: In general, would you say that you smell better, worse or the same as you do right now?
Fade to another candidate.
Sheldon: I was going to ask you what is the best fruit, but then I realized what I want to ask you is why is there a Band-Aid on your forearm, but then I realized what I really want to ask you is just can you just go?
Fade to another candidate.
Sheldon: You’re healthy. You have a job in the sciences. I’ve got to say, if this credit report comes back good, you’re the frontrunner.
Amy (on Skype): I’m not gonna be your roommate, Sheldon.
Sheldon: But I met with 11 people, and they all walked out. And that Hollywood phoney Chris Pratt never tweeted me back.
Amy: I’m sure you’ll find somebody else.
Sheldon: I suppose. What happened to me, Amy? Years ago I was completely disengaged from my feelings. I’d say it was a happier time, but I was disengaged from my feelings, so who can tell?
Amy: I don’t know how to help you. You know, feelings are a part of life.
Sheldon: They didn’t used to be. You and Leonard and Penny, you all poisoned me with emotions. I was like the Tin Man, perfectly content until that evil wizard gave him a heart.
Amy: I don’t think that was the point of the movie.
Sheldon: Fine, then I was like Pinocchio before that jerk Geppetto went and made him a real boy.
Amy: There you go.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: So, what are you thinking for dinner?
Leonard: Well, it’s Thai food night.
Penny: Well, honey, you don’t live with Sheldon any more. You can have anything you want.
Leonard: You’re right. But what? Mexican? Italian? German? Indian? Greek? Cuban? Chinese? Pizza? Barbecue? Korean? Korean barbecue?
Penny: How about Thai food?
Leonard: Oh, thank God.
Penny: Hey, we’re going to dinner. You want to come?
Sheldon: Oh, I wish I could, but I realized I’ve become too emotionally vulnerable, so, like an operating system, I’m restoring my life to the last stable version, which was in 2003, the day before I met Leonard.
Leonard: You heard him, no.
Penny: Hang on. Wait, you actually think it’s 2003?
Sheldon: No, just because I’m living my life like it was 12 years ago doesn’t mean I’m delusional. And since it is 2003, I don’t know who you are, so please exit the premises before I call the police on my stylish new flip phone.
Scene: A Thai restaurant.
Penny: Are you doing okay?
Leonard: I guess. I’m just, you know, worried about Sheldon.
Penny: Well, come on, he’s a grown man in his 30s pretending to be a grown man in his 20s. He’s fine.
Leonard: I hope so.
Penny: What else can you do? Move back in with him?
Leonard: No, of course not. I just feel bad.
Penny: Well, so do I, but don’t you want to live with your wife and set the thermostat to whatever you want and have your body tell you when it’s time to go to the bathroom, you know, not a schedule slipped underneath your door every morning?
Leonard: I did like that he had the weather on it.
Penny: Trust me, this is the right thing.
Leonard: I know. And it’s not like we’re abandoning him. Plus, we can FaceTime him whenever we want, you know, once iPhones are invented in his universe.
Scene: A bar.
Bernadette: I can’t believe Sheldon asked you to be his roommate.
Amy: I can’t believe he ran my credit.
Bernadette: Hey, if you’re open to living with someone great, I’ll give you a thousand dollars to take Stuart.
Amy: You really should’ve gone on the Internet and checked how long that kind of thing lives before you got one.
Bernadette: I’m sorry. I just thought you might have a pasty, weirdo-shaped hole in your life.
Amy: Hey, I know Sheldon’s quirky, but he’s also brilliant and insightful. I think calling him a weirdo is a little unfair.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hello, 2003.
Leonard: Hey, we brought you Thai. Where is everything?
Sheldon: In my present, it’s in the future. In your present, it’s been crammed in the bedroom by an enterprising young man I met in The Home Depot parking lot.
Leonard: I know what you’re doing. You’re trying to get attention so we’ll feel bad for you, but it’s not happening.
Sheldon: No, what I’m doing is trying to figure out how to live my life now that everyone is leaving me.
Leonard: Will you knock it off? We’re across the hall.
Sheldon: As the kids are saying today, talk to the hand.
Penny: They’re not saying that.
Sheldon: They are in 2003.
Penny: No, no, they’re really not.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj (singing): Thor and Dr. Jones. Thor and Dr. Jones. One runs from Loki, the other runs from stones. So, what do you think?
Emily: Wow.
Raj: Runs from stones means that, that big boulder, but I couldn’t rhyme anything with boulder.
Emily: Colder, shoulder, soldier, folder.
Raj: Right, yeah, right. But, what do you think?
Emily: I think it’s very cute.
Raj: Cute? It’s not cute. Cute is children dressed as vegetables.
Emily: Okay, fine, it’s not cute.
Raj: Just be honest. You don’t like it.
Emily: I didn’t say that. I, I just like music you can dance to.
Raj: You can dance to this. Um, uh, uh, Thor and Dr. Jones. Thor and Dr. Jones. One plays with lightning, the other plays with bones.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Raj: I’m telling you, dude, the song has no groove, you can’t dance to it.
Howard: Who cares? I thought the whole point of Footprints on the Moon was to write songs that make people think.
Raj: You can do both, like Michael Jackson’s Billie Jean. While you’re dancing you’re thinking, like, darn it, whose baby is it?
Howard: Where’s this coming from? A few hours ago, we both loved this song.
Raj: I still love it. I just think there’s room for improvement.
Howard: You played it for Emily, didn’t you?
Raj: Yeah, so what?
Howard: You are such a wimp. She didn’t like it, now you don’t like it.
Raj: No, no. I’m just evolving as a musician. You’re the one who’s stuck in the past.
Howard: The past was lunch. You know what’s really happening here? Your girlfriend is breaking up our band.
Raj: She has nothing to do with this. I am my own man.
Howard: Oh, please. Your brain belongs to whoever’s willing to sleep with you.
Raj: That is so not true.
Howard: Really? Remember when you were gonna get circumcised for Rachel Bernstein?
Raj: That had nothing to do with Rachel. It was an overreaction to a bad zipper injury.
Howard: I don’t need this. I’m quitting the band.
Raj: Fine, I quit, too.
Howard: Then get out of my house.
Raj: With pleasure.
Howard: Raj, wait.
Raj: What took you so long?
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Buddy, I know me moving in with Penny feels like a big change, but it’s not.
Sheldon: How can you say that? Amy’s gone, and you two are married now, so it’s only a matter of time before you’re gone, too.
Penny: Okay, you don’t know what’s gonna happen.
Sheldon: No, I do. Eventually you’ll want more space, and you’ll move into a house, and then instead of dinner a couple of times a week, it’ll only be a couple of times a month, and then it’ll only be on special occasions, like when Bernadette divorces Wolowitz. Or, or, or like when Koothrappali’s weird girlfriend admits where she buried his body. Or Amy’s wedding, where she’s marrying someone better than me.
Penny: Okay, look, we don’t need to rush into anything. All right? Maybe instead of Leonard moving in with me, we just leave things the way they are, and sometimes we’ll sleep over there, and sometimes we’ll sleep over here.
Sheldon: But mostly here.
Penny: Sure.
Leonard: Wuh, what about what you said in the restaurant?
Penny: Well, it’s not forever. It’s just for a while. If you want, we can think of him like he’s our dog.
Sheldon: You can. I’m happy when you come home. And I’m scared of fireworks. By the way, on July Fourth, we’re all sleeping here.
Leonard: Fine.
Sheldon: All right, great. Just give me one minute, and I’ll get started on a new roommate agreement. Yeah. nothing from Pratt, we’re good.
Scene: The comic book store. 
Howard (singing): Indy’ whip snapped, Thor’s hammer missed.
Raj (singing): It was Avenger versus archeologist.
Howard: Indy held his ground, and straightened his fedora.
Raj: Thor said, that’s a nice look in nineteen fourty-foura.
Together: Thor and Dr. Jones. Thor and Dr. Jones. One plays with lightning, the other plays with bones. Thor and Dr. Jones. Thor and Dr. Jones. One plays with lightning, the other plays with bones.
Stuart: Play something we can dance to.
 								
			
				Scene: Howard’s workshop.
Leonard: Hey, ready for lunch?
Howard: Oh, one sec.
Sheldon: Is that the prototype drive system for the high-G rover?
Howard: No, Bernadette got me a Fitbit so she can track how much I’m exercising.
Leonard: That’ll teach her to care about your health.
Howard: Yeah, I can’t wait to see the look on her face when I die young.
Raj: When was the last actual exercise you got?
Howard: The other day, when she tried to put that Fitbit on me and I ran away from her.
Sheldon: According to a recent study, simply thinking about exercise, even while sitting still, can have physical benefits. For all you know, I could be exercising right now.
Raj: Are you?
Sheldon: Nah, I’ll do it tomorrow.
Leonard: It wouldn’t be the worst thing if we were more active.
Howard: You make an excellent point. Ooh, I think I’m getting a runner’s high.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Look at all these activities the university has. Rock climbing club, archery, flag football.
Sheldon: Had me at flag, lost me at football.
Penny: Yeah, I think it’s great you guys want to get more exercise, but do you really think sports is the right choice for you?
Leonard: What are you saying? We’re not coordinated enough to play sports?
Penny: Okay, Leonard, sweetheart, you twisted your ankle playing Scrabble.
Leonard: I got a triple-word score with a double letter Q. If that’s not a time to bust out the scrabble dance, what’s the point of having one? Hey, Barry Kripke started a fencing club.
Sheldon: Interesting. Sword fighting does hold a certain elegant appeal. And I would imagine it meets many of our personal criteria for a sport.
Leonard: It’s indoors, so no sunscreen.
Sheldon: No throwing, no catching, no running.
Leonard: No gym shorts that can be yanked down.
Sheldon: Or worse, up.
Leonard: Preach.
Sheldon: And as an added bonus, the word touché comes from fencing. It would be our only opportunity to use it in a non-metaphorical sense.
Leonard: What about a game of tag on a French schoolyard?
Sheldon: Ah, touché.
Scene: The comic book store.
Stuart: Thanks for coming by.
Bernadette: Sure. So how can we help?
Stuart: Well, I know more women are buying comics than ever, but for some reason, I, I can’t get ’em in here.
Penny: All right, well, what have you tried so far?
Stuart: Uh, I’ve, I’ve been stocking more female-oriented titles. Uh, in the bathroom, I folded the end of the toilet paper into a triangle. And, uh, you are now sitting in the official breastfeeding area.
Penny: Really? In a comic book store?
Stuart: Oh, don’t worry. I, I’ve got a camera right up here, so I could watch from the counter and make sure guys aren’t being pervs. Anyway, so what do I got to do to, to get you in the door?
Amy: Well, for starters, you might want to rethink some of this artwork. I mean, this woman’s actually on a leash like a dog.
Stuart: Well, you don’t know the backstory. Maybe she kept jumping up on the couch.
Scene: The gym.
Raj: I feel cool. Like Puss in Boots.
Leonard: I always wanted to be a swashbuckler when I was a kid.
Sheldon: Technically, swashbuckler is a combination of two terms. Swash referring to the sound of the sword. Swash. And then buckler meaning a small shield, which you don’t have.
Raj: We can still be swashers.
Howard: Well said, Puss.
Barry: Gentlemen, welcome to the fencing cwub. Before we start, I just want to warn you, fencing isn’t a joke. I hope you’re not here because you think it’s going to be wike Star Wars.
Leonard: That’s not why we’re here.
Raj: Yeah, I’m here because I think it’s gonna be like Game of Thrones.
Howard: And maybe a little Princess Bride.
Raj: Ooh, ooh, I forgot about Princess Bride. That’s my answer.
Barry: Well, sowwy to disappoint you, but fencing is a sewious spowt. If you’re not wiwwing to put in the effowt, you might as well just weave now.
Sheldon: We’re not afraid of physical activity.
Howard: Yeah. I already ran 18 miles today.
Barry: Awwight. Let’s begin with some fundamentals. This is the en garde position. Feet are in an L. Heels in a stwaight wine. Elbow is about a fist from the wib cage. Notice my dominant weg faces fowward.
Sheldon: Oh, dear.
Barry: What’s wong, Cooper?
Sheldon: Well, I’m not sure I have a dominant leg. They’re both pretty submissive.
Howard: When you’re in a public restroom, which foot do you flush the toilet with?
Sheldon: Right. Always right.
Howard: He’s a righty.
Barry: Okay, show me en garde. Good. Knees bent, swightwy over the toe. Non-sword hand up for bawance.
Howard: Oh, God, I am going to feel this tomorrow.
Barry: The first move is called an advance. You move your fwont foot fowward, heel to toe. Back foot fowwows. So fwont foot fowward, heel to toe. Back foot fowwows. Now you twy. Advance. And advance. And advance.
Leonard: This is easy. I didn’t need to wear a cup.
Barry: Good. The next move is called a wetweat. Step back. Back foot first, toe to heel. Fwont foot fowwows. On thwee.
Sheldon: Excuse me, Barry?
Barry: Yes.
Sheldon: When can I stab one of my friends?
Barry: In fencing, we don’t call it a stab. We call it a touch.
Sheldon: Uh, yes, I’m aware. But if I say I want to touch one of my friends, I’ll get called into Human Resources.
Barry: Okay, on thwee, Cooper and Koothwappawi advance, the other two wetweat. One, two, thwee. Vewy good. Switch it up. One, two, thwee. Switch again. One, two, thwee. (Phone rings) Excuse me. Can I call you back? No, I’m teaching a cwass. Sure. Sure. An hour, tops. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. And one, two, thwee.
Scene: The comic book store.
Amy: Have you thought about advertising directly to females?
Stuart: Hmm, okay. Well, alright, what if I put up a sign in the window that said women, come in. Don’t be afraid.
Penny: Hey, have you read the online reviews for this place?
Stuart: Eh, the Internet’s so negative. I try to avoid it.
Penny: All right, well, Heather H says, the owner stared at me the whole time and didn’t blink once. Kelly M says, the creepy guy who runs it asked me out, then called himself stupid before I could say no. Jessica K says, I told the weird owner that I liked his shirt. He took it off and gave it to me.
Stuart: See? Negative.
Scene: The gym.
Barry: With your foil extended, kick your fwont weg up and push off with your back weg. Now you twy. And again. And again.
Raj: Look at us. We’re like the Rockettes.
Sheldon: En garde, Leonard. Prepare yourself for a rigorous touching.
Howard: My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Raj: My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Howard: I thought you were Puss in Boots.
Raj: Oh, yeah, right. Sorry. My name is Puss in Boots. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Sheldon: I’m looking forward to him teaching us glove-slapping.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: You know, when my honour is insulted, and I need to challenge someone to a duel by slapping them across the face with my glove.
Leonard: When was your honour insulted?
Sheldon: My last physical.
Leonard: Again, that doctor didn’t insult your honour. Just checked your prostate.
Raj: My name is Little Orphan Annie. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Howard: My name is Darth Vader. I am your father. Prepare to die.
Sheldon: Ah, this is fun.
Leonard: Well, good. It’s nice to see your mind off Amy.
Barry: What’s going on with Amy?
Sheldon: Not that it’s any of your business, but she broke up with me.
Barry: Weawwy? Good to know.
Sheldon: Good to know? What’s that supposed to mean?
Leonard: Oh. I hate to say it, but it sounds like he’s interested in her.
Sheldon: Well, that’s unacceptable.
Leonard: Oh, buddy, I get that you don’t like it, but it’s not really up to you.
Sheldon: Yeah, but he’s dumb, and his face is dumb.
Leonard: Look, even if it’s not him, Amy’s probably going to date someone at some point.
Sheldon: You really think so?
Leonard: Of course. She deserves to be happy.
Sheldon: How dare you.
Scene: Later.
Leonard: Listen, I should warn you that maybe asking Amy out isn’t a good idea.
Sheldon: Barry, a word?
Leonard: And now the crazy version of what I just said.
Sheldon: If you intend to pursue Amy, you leave me with no choice but to put a stop to it.
Barry: And how are you gonna do that?
Sheldon: By challenging you to a duel.
Barry: You’ve had one wesson. I’ll destwoy you.
Sheldon: That is why the duel will take place at high noon, three years from today. If you’re worth your salt as an instructor, I should be ready by then. Yeah, and be warned. I’m going to touch you all over.
Leonard: Wow. That, that was crazier than I thought.
Scene: The comic book store.
Stuart: All right, I’m not saying it’s true, but let’s, let’s consider for a moment that possibly I’m the problem.
Penny: Yeah.
Bernadette: You are.
Amy: You can say it.
Stuart: Okay, fine. What, I mean, what can I do? I get so nervous around women.
Penny: Well, you’re talking to us now. I mean, you don’t seem nervous.
Stuart: Well, that’s ’cause I’m doing that trick where you imagine the audience is naked. By the way, thumbs up, ladies.
Amy: Do you not hear how creepy that sounds?
Stuart: It was a joke.
Bernadette: Was it?
Stuart: No, I’m still doing it.
Penny: Okay. Don’t be offended, but, what went wrong with you?
Stuart: I, I guess I assumed at this point in my life, I would be married or in a relationship, or even have a pet that didn’t run away or kill itself.
Bernadette: That really happened?
Stuart: I mean, I can’t say for sure, but I swear that rabbit looked me right in the eye before it hopped in front of that car. Anyway, the longer I’m alone, the more desperate I get.
Amy: Stuart, believe it or not, I understand. You know, before I met Sheldon, I was alone for a really long time. I was so desperate for people to like me, when I met these guys, it took everything in my power to hide my insecurity.
Stuart: Okay, we’re all feeling it. Yes, I’ll go out with you.
Amy: Suddenly, the rabbit thing makes sense.
Scene: A sports bar.
Leonard: I’m surprised you wanted to go to a sports bar, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Look at this blister. Like it or not, we’re athletes now. Besides, a bar is where I belong. I’m having female problems.
Leonard: If you’re cranky and retaining water, I have a theory.
Howard: Sheldon, instead of focusing on Amy dating other guys, maybe you should start thinking about dating another girl.
Sheldon: That’s ridiculous.
Raj: Why? You never thought you’d end up in a relationship, and then you met Amy. Maybe there’s someone else out there for you.
Sheldon: True, but Penny’s married, and so is Bernadette. And your girlfriend has red hair and white skin, which really rubs up against my clown phobia.
Leonard: Maybe you should consider women who aren’t in serious relationships with your closest friends?
Sheldon: There’s that prostate doctor, but I’m still mad at her. Oh, there’s a woman. I’ll make her my girlfriend.
Raj: Whoa, whoa. Walking up to a strange woman in a bar usually doesn’t work.
Sheldon: You’re forgetting something. Ladies love jocks.
Raj: How many sips of that beer did he have?
Leonard: Three.
Howard: Oh, boy.
Sheldon: Excuse me. I’m recovering from a recent breakup, and I’m told asking out another woman might make me feel better. And as Ash Ketchum said to Pikachu, I choose you.
Woman: What?
Sheldon: It’s a Pokémon reference.
Woman: I don’t know what that means.
Sheldon: Well, we gave it a shot. How about you?
Older woman: I’m married, and I’m her grandmother.
Sheldon: Ah, what might have been. And you, give my regards to Barnum and Bailey.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Bernadette: Stuart took that rejection like a pro.
Penny: Well, he knew he was on the breast cam.
Amy: I don’t have much experience turning men down. It wasn’t so much fun.
Bernadette: Oh, you get used to it. Some guys you have to turn down over and over.
Penny: And sometimes we marry them anyway.
Amy (Phone text sound): Huh. Well, this is weird.
Penny: What?
Amy: Barry Kripke just asked me out.
Bernadette: Oh. Look at you, two guys in one day.
Penny: I told you things would change if you plucked your eyebrows.
Bernadette: What did he say?
Amy: Hi, how are you? I was wondering if you’d like to get a drink after work sometime.
Penny: Well, what are you gonna do?
Amy: I don’t know. I guess I assumed that I would eventually date other people, but this is happening so fast.
Bernadette: What can it hurt?
Amy: Well, I was hoping the next person I dated would be a little less like Sheldon.
Bernadette: You mean, not a scientist?
Penny: I think she means not a weirdo.
Bernadette: Are you attracted to him?
Amy: I don’t know.
Penny: All right, well, what happens if you imagine him naked?
Amy: Oh, I don’t have to imagine it.
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: I smell funny. I taste salty.
Leonard: You’re just sweaty from exercise.
Sheldon: And kind of delicious. I wonder how many licks it would take to get to the centre of me.
Leonard: I know it only takes one doctor’s finger.
Amy: Hello.
Sheldon: Hello.
Leonard: We should let you guys talk.
Bernadette: Yeah.
Sheldon: You don’t have to leave.
Leonard: Look at me go.
Amy: Uh, Bernadette, you’re my ride.
Bernadette: Walk.
Amy: How have you been?
Sheldon: I’m doing all right. I tried fencing today.
Amy: How’d that go?
Sheldon: It was pretty easy. And I think my background in mathletics helped. Barry Kripke was there. I should let you know that he expressed interest in asking you out.
Amy: Well, actually, he, he already did.
Sheldon: Okay. But don’t get too attached to him. in two years, 364 days, he’s a dead man.
Amy: I said no.
Sheldon: Interesting. I asked two women out today, and they both said no.
Amy: I didn’t know you were interested in dating.
Sheldon: I’ve been told it’s a good way to move on.
Amy: Oh. Okay. Anyway, um, it’s nice to see you. You look good.
Sheldon: Thanks. And I taste good too.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s kitchen.
Bernadette: Howie?
Howard: What’s up?
Bernadette: Why does your Fitbit say you ran 174 miles yesterday?
 								
			
				Scene: Leonard’s lab.
Sheldon: Leonard, I’ve got terrible news.
Leonard: What’s going on?
Sheldon: Before I tell you, perhaps I should soften the blow. You’re face is pleasingly symmetrical.
Leonard: Just tell me.
Sheldon: A Swedish team of physicists is trying to scoop our super-fluid vortex experiment.
Leonard: Oh, well, that kind of stinks.
Sheldon: That kind of stinks? Why aren’t you more upset? Did I soften the blow too much? Because this here is more like a Picasso painting.
Leonard: What are we going to do?
Sheldon: Perform the experiment immediately.
Leonard: I’d love to, but we need liquid helium and our shipment’s on back order for a month.
Sheldon: A month? What? Are you kidding me? That would have been a good time for you to soften the blow.
Leonard: That shirt brings out the blue in your eyes.
Sheldon: Thank you. Aren’t you sweet.
Leonard: Let’s go check to see if the university has any helium in reserve.
Sheldon: Did you know that I almost didn’t wear this shirt today?
Scene: Barry Kripke’s office.
Leonard: Hey, Barry, we’re in trouble. We need liquid helium, does the department have any we can use?
Barry: Sowwy, there’s a showtage. And what we do have I need for my quantum excitation study.
Sheldon: But you won’t need much for that.
Barry: Twue, but if it’s successful, I’m having a pawty with bawwoons.
Leonard: Come on, Barry, there’s a Swedish team trying to run our experiment before us. Can’t you spare any?
Barry: Be honest, if the shoe was on the other foot, would you do this for me?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Not a chance.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Sheldon: He said be honest, so I was honest. Didn’t your mother tell you? It’s the best policy. So, what do you say?
Barry: Hell no.
Sheldon: He could’ve softened the blow.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Leonard’s lab.
Raj: Why do you need Kripke? Can’t you just go to Party City for helium?
Leonard: We’d have to go to every Party City in California.
Howard: Sounds like you on Cinco de Mayo.
Raj: Hey, people were still talking about that party on siete de Mayo.
Sheldon: Leonard, if that Swedish team beats us, I will never be able to enjoy anything from their country again. Which is a shame, because Swedish meatballs are my favourite toothpick-delivered meatball.
Howard: If you need liquid helium so bad, I know a guy who can get you some, if you don’t ask too many questions.
Leonard: Who is he?
Sheldon: Where does he work?
Leonard: How does he get the helium?
Sheldon: How many questions are too many questions?
Howard: Maybe he’s not for you.
Sheldon: Four questions. There answer’s four.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Bernadette: Hey, you know who went out on a date the other night? Stuart.
Penny: Oh, good for him.
Bernadette: I thought so, too.
Penny: So is she, like, homeless, or framing him for a crime?
Bernadette: He’s using some kind of dating app on his phone.
Penny: Oh, which one? Maybe we can get Amy to try it.
Bernadette: I don’t know. Stuart, can you come in here? He tried to explain it to me. It shows you pictures of people nearby, you swipe them around, it looks kind of like a game.
Penny: Oh, and if you lose the game, you have to go out with Stuart.
Stuart: What’s up?
Bernadette: Can you show us that dating app?
Stuart: Oh, yeah, sure. This thing has changed my life.
Penny: Wow. So how many girls have you met?
Stuart: Two. I probably don’t need to mention there’s an entire number between that and zero.
Penny: Well, so how does it work?
Stuart: Uh, well, it, it shows me all the single women in a five-mile radius who are using the app. If I like the way they look I hit thumbs up, if I don’t, thumbs down.
Bernadette: Oh, what would make you give a girl a thumbs down?
Stuart: First time it happens I will let you know.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Oh, hey. I just heard back from the liquid helium guy.
Sheldon: What’s he say?
Leonard: He’s got what we need and can meet us tonight.
Sheldon: Really? You know I don’t like buying things at night. January 7th, 2009, I went to the Ralph’s at 11:30pm to pick up Cracklin’ Oat Bran for the morning and what did I see?
Leonard: The man restocking the cereal shelves.
Sheldon: That’s right. And what did he do?
Leonard: He handed you the box directly and called you Stretch.
Sheldon: It’s like it was yesterday.
Leonard: Do you want liquid helium or not?
Sheldon: Of course I do. I don’t want that Swedish team scooping us.
Leonard: Then I’m going to tell him we’re in.
Sheldon: Leonard, wait. This is highly unethical.
Leonard: We’re just bending the rules a little. We have grant money to do the experiment, so we’re going to spend it on the helium we need. It’s not like when Dr. Goldfarb claimed he bought an electron microscope and he was really just keeping a Russian girl in an apartment in Van Nuys.
Sheldon: Was she helping him with his research?
Leonard: Sure. So, are we doing this?
Sheldon: Well, but where does he get the helium?
Leonard: Remember? Don’t ask too many questions?
Sheldon: Uh, but this is violating university code.
Leonard: A little, but if I may quote Einstein, the pursuit of science calls us to ignore the rules set by man.
Sheldon: Huh. All right, do it. Tell him we’re in.
Leonard: Done.
Sheldon: I can’t find that quote on the Internet. Did you make that up?
Leonard: Before I answer, may I just say your skin has never looked better.
Sheldon: Aren’t you just made of sugar.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Amy: I’m not sure how I feel about this.
Penny: Oh, come on, just let him put the app on your phone.
Bernadette: Yeah, Stuart got two dates with it.
Stuart: One of which would’ve ended in sex had she not said no. Okay, all set.
Penny: Okay, let me see. Nope, nope, nope, oh, he’s cute.
Bernadette: Doesn’t a teardrop tattoo mean he murdered someone?
Penny: And he’s sad about it.
Howard: Hey.
Raj: Hello.
Penny: Hey.
Bernadette: Hey, I thought you were gonna be out late?
Howard: If you wanted me to stay out later, you should’ve given me more spending money.
Raj: What are you guys up to?
Bernadette: We put Amy on a dating app, and we’re seeing what’s out there.
Raj: Oh, fun. Let me see. Uh, no, no, uh, definitely not.
Howard: What was wrong with that guy?
Raj: Uh, he’s Indian. We’ve already got one of those. Ooh, we should find a nice Latino, really round us out.
Howard: Hey, I want to try.
Amy: Uh, excuse me, can I have my phone back?
Howard: Hang on, I’m trying to find you the next great love of your life. The man who will father your children. Okay, yes or no on white guy with dreadlocks?
Scene: A parking garage.
Leonard: That must be him.
Sheldon: Oh, of course. An nondescript, white panel van. You may be familiar with it from the sentence, their bodies were found in a nondescript, white panel van.
Leonard: Hey.
Man: What’s up?
Leonard: Uh, I’m Leonard. This is my friend…
Sheldon: I’m Skippy. Skippy Cavanaugh.
Man: Great. You got the cash?
Leonard: Uh, yeah, uh, right here.
Sheldon: Wait, hold on, hold on. How do we know that you’re not gonna take the money and drive away?
Leonard: What ya doing, Skippy?
Sheldon: Exactly what 1970s television crime dramas have taught us. You give us the helium first.
Man: Oh, how do I know you’re not gonna drive away without paying me?
Sheldon: Guess I’m not the only one who watches ’70s television crime dramas.
Leonard: Look, you can trust us. We’re respected scientists.
Sheldon: Well, he is. I’m a wedding planner who can’t find love himself. It’s ironic, but the point is we can’t trust you. You’re a sketchy character in a parking garage.
Man: Yeah, well, from my perspective, that’s how you two appear to me.
Sheldon: Well, I never thought of it like that. Boy, frame of reference will just sneak up on you, won’t it?
Leonard: My friend does make a decent point about the money. I don’t feel comfortable just handing it over up front.
Man: Ah, no money, no helium. Seems we’re at a, uh, stalemate.
Sheldon: Not technically. In chess, a stalemate refers to a situation in which there are no remaining moves. Uh, you have plenty of moves available. You could beat us up and steal the money. You could kill us, you know. Really, you’re only limited by your imagination.
Man: Huh. All these years I’ve been using stalemate, when I really mean impasse. I feel foolish.
Leonard: I don’t think it matters if this is a stalemate or an impasse or a Mexican standoff. What are we gonna do here?
Man: Oh, whoa, whoa, how can it bea Mexican standoff? Everybody knows you need three sides for that.
Sheldon: Not necessarily. Uh, many argue the essence of a Mexican standoff is that no one can walk away from the conflict without incurring harm.
Man: Hmm, I don’t follow.
Sheldon: Let me give you an example. Earlier today, I decoded the headers on your e-mail, and I know that your name is Kenneth Fitzgerald. From that, I figured out where you live and where you work. Now, to make this a Mexican standoff, I would say something like, uh, you give us the helium or I’ll turn you in to the authorities.
Man: Is that a threat?
Sheldon: Yeah, exactly. See, you’re getting it.
Man: Yeah, well, I know where you work, all right? And if you mess with me, I’ll report you, then I’ll pound your asses into the ground.
Sheldon: Perfect. Now we really are in a Mexican standoff. Is this one of those times where I’ve won the battle but lost the war?
Leonard: Afraid so, Skippy.
Sheldon: I told you we shouldn’t go shopping at night.
Leonard: All right, let’s all just calm down. Nobody wants to report anybody.
Man: No, I don’t like this. I’m out.
Leonard: No, no, no. Wait, don’t go. Just let me explain. We’re physicists, and we’re trying to prove a hypothesis that we’ve been working on for over a year.
Man: Really? What’s the hypothesis?
Sheldon: Space-time can be interpreted as the surface of an n-dimensional superfluid.
Man: Hmm. Could be, could be. Go on.
Leonard: Okay, but now there’s this Swedish team that read our paper and they’re trying to beat us to our own discovery. We really need this helium.
Sheldon: And I’m sorry I lied about being a wedding planner who can’t find love. Although I am currently single, if you know anybody.
Leonard: Here’s the money. Can we do this?
Man: Okay. It’s a shame about those scientists ripping you off. I expected a higher ethical standard from our friends in Sweden.
Leonard: It’s actually pretty common in our field. There’s not much you can do about it.
Man: Well, for the right amount of money, if you know where they live, there’s, uh, plenty we could do about it.
Sheldon: Did you hear that, Leonard? There’s plenty we could do about it. Do you have a card?
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Penny: Okay, here we go. Now everyone can see. All right. Where do we stand on cross-eyed Mike?
Raj: You know he won’t be looking at other girls.
Howard: Unless they’re sitting on the end of his nose.
Penny: Okay, okay, okay. Thumbs down. Next.
Bernadette: Ew, check out his tiny teeth. He looks like a man-dolphin.
Penny: Well if he’s good in bed, she can throw him a fish.
Howard: I love you, Amy. (Dolphin noises)
Amy: Okay, I’m starting to feel guilty. Aren’t we being a little mean?
Raj: That’s a fair point. We wouldn’t make fun of someone like this to their face.
Penny: Look, it’s Stuart.
Raj: You may want to leave the room.
Scene: Leonard’s lab.
Sheldon: Right this way, Uncle Harvey.
Leonard: Will you stop with that already?
Sheldon: I’m trying not to attract attention.
Leonard: And tipping his hat to the cleaning lady didn’t do that?
Sheldon: She said buenas noches. What was he supposed to do?
Leonard: Let’s just start the experiment.
Sheldon: Leonard, we should probably have our story straight in case we get caught.
Leonard: We’re not getting caught.
Sheldon: Well, you can’t be sure of that. What if the helium dealer rats us out? What if Kripke asks where we got it? What if the university checks my family tree and finds out I don’t have an Uncle Harvey?
Leonard: The dealer doesn’t care, Kripke has no authority over us, and you being related to a metal container would explain a lot. Help me hook this up.
Sheldon: Uh-oh.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Well, did you see this sticker?
Leonard: What is it?
Sheldon: It’s partially torn off, but the segment that remains reads property of and the letter U.
Leonard: It’s probably USC or UCLA.
Sheldon: Yeah, but what if it’s Property of U.S. Government? There’s a national helium reserve in Amarillo, Texas. If this was stolen from there, we’re accessories to a federal crime.
Leonard: Let’s not jump to conclusions. A lot of things start with U.
Sheldon: That’s true. There’s the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Department of Defence, U.S. Navy, you and I are going to jail.
Leonard: Listen, we can do the experiment as planned and beat the Swedish team to the punch, or we can kiss our dreams good-bye because we were to afraid to break a few rules.
Scene: A university corridor.
Leonard: Ma’am.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Penny: Okay, does everyone remember the rules? If he’s shirtless, one sip. Posing with a pet, two sips. Pet and shirtless, chug like it’s your job. And pull.
Raj: I have that same underwear.
Penny: Chug.
Penny: Amy, you’re getting a text.
Amy: Oh, um, give me that.
Raj: I had a great time last night.
Amy: No, no, stop reading that.
Howard: Who’s Dave?
Penny: You went on a date last night? Are you seeing someone?
Amy: No, it, it’s not like that.
Bernadette: And I’d love to take you out again”?
All: Amy/What?/Can’t believe it/Oh, my God.
Amy: Okay, it’s like that.
Scene: The parking garage.
Leonard: Thank you for coming back.
Man: Yeah, well, normally I wouldn’t, but my daughter’s having a sleepover, and there’s only so much screaming and Katy Perry a man can take.
Sheldon: Anyway, if you could just give us our money back, you can have your helium and we’ll be on our way.
Man: Yeah, well, is there something wrong with it?
Leonard: No, nothing. We just changed our mind.
Sheldon: He has glasses and I’m a know-it-all, we are not built for prison.
Man: Yeah, I hear you. Well, you’re good guys, so I’ll, uh, I’ll take the helium off your hands.
Leonard: Thank you.
Man: But you ain’t getting your money back.
Sheldon: You’re taking advantage of us? We clarified nomenclature together.
Man: Look, I enjoy semantic digressions as much as the next guy, but, uh, this is business.
Leonard: You know what? It’s fine. Keep the money. We just want to be done with this.
Man: No problem, but I am gonna have to charge you a small helium restocking fee.
Sheldon: I don’t understand.
Leonard: He wants more money.
Sheldon: Well, it better not be more than a thousand dollars. That’s all I’ve got on me.
Man: That’s exactly how much it is.
Sheldon: Finally, something breaks our way.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Penny: I can’t believe you’re seeing someone and we don’t even know about it.
Bernadette: Yeah, why wouldn’t you tell us?
Amy: Because it’s new and weird and I’m just trying to figure it all out. And I knew if I told you guys I had been out with a few people that you’d get way too excited about it.
Stuart: A few people?
Bernadette: What?
Penny: Amy.
Stuart: So, are we allowed to ask how it’s going?
Amy: It’s going fine. It’s mostly just been meeting people for coffee.
Raj: What? I thought we were all… never mind.
Bernadette: I, I thought you weren’t ready to start seeing people.
Amy: Well, I don’t have much experience dating, so I decided it would be good for me to, you know, get out there a little.
Penny: Well, good for you.
Amy: Thank you.
Bernadette: And how many guys have you gone out with?
Stuart: Please be less than two.
Amy: Three.
Stuart: Damn it.
Scene: Leonard’s lab. 
Sheldon: Well, the Swedes might beat us, but at least we won’t get gang-noogied in prison.
Leonard: Is Ernest Goes to Jail the only prison movie you’ve seen?
Sheldon: It scared me straight, Leonard.
Barry: Hey, I’ve been thinking. I was being petty. You can have my hewium.
Leonard: Thank you, Barry.
Barry: But you have to add my name to your paper.
Sheldon: That’s preposterous.
Barry: I don’t know, seems fair. You can’t do it without me.
Leonard: Can you give us a minute?
Barry: Take your time. I’ll walk out backwards for dwamatic effect.
Sheldon: I don’t like being extorted like this. Especially by him of all people.
Leonard: Me neither, but what other choice do we have?
Scene: The parking garage.
Leonard: I promise this is the last time.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: It says right here on Wikipedia. A Mexican standoff is a confrontation between at least three parties.
Sheldon: How can you trust Wikipedia if they use between to refer to three parties?
Helium Man: They should’ve used among, right?
Sheldon: Or amongst, if they were feeling whimsically archaic.
Helium Man: All right, enough with the chitchat. Are we gonna watch Ernest Goes to Jail or not?
Sheldon: Absolutely. But don’t be surprised if this movie sets you on the straight and narrow.
Helium Man: I am open to change.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Did you hear about this study that found people that were cool and popular at 13 have problems succeeding later in life?
Raj: Hmm. I’m doing okay, and I was very popular at 13.
Penny: In school?
Raj: Oh, no. At home. The servants would sing to me, laugh at my jokes. I wish I knew their names.
Penny: Does the study say what happens to the unpopular kids?
Leonard: You tell me, you woke up in bed with one.
Sheldon: Listen to this. I just received an e-mail from Wil Wheaton. Leonard Nimoy’s son is working on a documentary that he started with his father before he passed away. It’s about Mr. Spock and his impact on our culture.
Leonard: Why is he writing to you?
Sheldon: Well, they’re looking for fans to interview, and Wil thought I’d be good for it.
Raj: Oh. Hey, high five.
Sheldon: Absolutely not. Yeah, Penny, you spent some time in front of the camera. Any words of advice?
Penny: Yes. Don’t take your shirt off just because the director said so.
Sheldon: This is a documentary about Mr. Spock. I’m sure if there’s nudity, it will be tasteful.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Bernadette: Hey. You got a minute?
Howard: Not really. Visigoths are kind of up my butt right now.
Bernadette: Pause the game, Howard.
Howard: Howard? Uh-oh. Make room, Visigoths. ‘Sup?
Bernadette: We need to talk about redecorating this place.
Howard: Oh, no, not this again.
Bernadette: Look, I get that you grew up here and you’re attached to things looking a certain way, but I want this to feel like my house, too.
Howard: Oh, honey, of course it’s your house. Why else would you be cleaning it all the time?
Bernadette: All right. Let’s start over. I’m redecorating. The furniture, the carpeting, the walls. I’m changing everything that depresses me when I look at it. Try not to be one of those things.
Howard: May I say something?
Bernadette: Is it about how I can’t have new wallpaper ’cause your dad left when you were little and your mom died?
Howard: Never mind.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon (on phone): Hello, Amy. It’s Sheldon. Yeah, I, I know that we’re broken up, but I’m leaving this message because I thought perhaps you’d like to watch me be interviewed for a documentary about Mr. Spock. Or as I like to call it, a Spockumentary. Yeah, I’m going to use that joke in the interview, so try to laugh like you’re hearing it for the first time. You know, hysterically, hmm? And with a tinge of sadness that I’m no longer in your life.
Leonard: I’m the one who thought of Spockumentary.
Penny: And I’m laughing like I did the first time I heard it.
Sheldon (answering door): Hello.
Wil Wheaton: Hey, Sheldon. This is Adam Nimoy.
Adam: Nice to meet you.
Sheldon: Oh, it’s nice to meet you. I admire your father’s work very much. It’s not every day I get to meet someone whose life’s journey began in my hero’s scrotum.
Wil: I told you. This guy is gold.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s kitchen.
Bernadette: Whatcha doing?
Howard: Oh. Making myself a bologna sandwich like my mom used to make me after my dad left, but before she died.
Bernadette: Okay, listen, I’m thinking that maybe we can compromise on the house.
Howard: I’m listening.
Bernadette: Let’s just redo one room and see how it goes.
Howard: That is reasonable. But what room?
Bernadette: How ’bout this one?
Howard: No way. No, this is the room I associate the most with my mom.
Bernadette: Then how ’bout the bathroom?
Howard: I want to change my answer.
Bernadette: Fine. Then the dining room.
Howard: I guess we didn’t use it very often. Unless we had company. Which didn’t happen much after my dad left and not at all after my mom…
Bernadette: Great. I’m gonna go pick out paint samples.
Scene: The apartment.
Adam: All right, we’re just gonna have a conversation. Pretend the camera’s not here.
Sheldon: All right. But this better not be some elaborate scheme to get me out of my shirt.
Leonard: How long have you known Adam?
Wil: A few years.
Leonard: And what are you getting him back for?
Adam: Let’s start with your name and occupation.
Sheldon: Dr. Sheldon Cooper, theoretical physicist, Caltech.
Adam: And what is your earliest memory of the character Spock?
Sheldon: The first episode of Star Trek: The Original Series I ever saw was The Galileo Seven. Uh, Spock had just landed on the planet Taurus II. Then my brother came in, sat on my head, and said eat farts. After that day, I was hooked. On Star Trek, not my brother’s sphincter-based cuisine.
Adam: What was it about Spock that appealed to you?
Sheldon: I think the same thing that appeals to people everywhere, the dream of a cold, rational world entirely without human emotion. Spock came from a planet governed only by logic. You know, on Vulcan, when your brother asks, why are you hitting yourself? the answer is, I’m not. You’re moving my arm. To which he says, Fascinating. And then you both watch educational television.
Penny: Aw. When he says things like that, I just want to hug him and make everything better.
Leonard: My brother was mean to me, too.
Penny: Yeah, you probably had it coming.
Adam: Do you have any Spock collectibles?
Sheldon: I have many. My most treasured is an autographed napkin given to me by my very thoughtful friend Penny. That’s her over there.
Penny: Hi. Look at that. I’m in a movie, my shirt stayed on.
Adam: Can we see the napkin?
Sheldon: Of course. Excuse me. This will just take a moment.
Leonard: When did we get a wall safe?
Sheldon: When there was no more room in the floor safe.
Leonard: When did we get a floor safe?
Sheldon: When we got the security camera.
Leonard: There’s a security camera?
Sheldon: Aquaman, protecting your home since 2012.
Penny: Oh, my God. We’ve done things on that couch.
Sheldon: Yeah. You don’t have to tell me.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Raj: So, your father-in-law is in there right now?
Howard: Yes. So back me up. The house is good the way it is.
Raj: Oh, okay. Got it.
Howard: Hey. What’s going on?
Raj: Hey.
Bernadette: Hey, Raj. Dad and I were just talking about taking down this wall.
Raj: You sure? It’s a pretty great wall.
Mr Rostenkowski: What’s so great about it?
Raj: I’m sorry. I did what I could.
Bernadette: Seriously? You brought Raj over to take your side?
Howard: Your dad’s on your side.
Bernadette: He’s not on my side. He’s doing all the work for free.
Raj: That is so generous of you. I’d like to switch sides.
Howard: Look, uh, I don’t even think you can take this wall down ’cause it’s load-bearing.
Raj: Well, it’s easy to find out. Just go into the crawlspace under the house and check.
Howard: When is your visa up?
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Not only is it signed to me but this is where he wiped his mouth. So we are currently in the presence of Leonard Nimoy’s DNA.
Wil: Um, doesn’t Adam count as Leonard Nimoy’s DNA?
Sheldon: No offence, but this is pure 100% Nimoy. Because of your mother, you’re only 50%. Which isn’t bad, but anything that you wipe your mouth on gets thrown away.
Penny: Okay, enough about the napkin. What else you hiding in there?
Sheldon: Wouldn’t you like to know?
Penny: I would.
Sheldon: All right then. See? Just my valuables. My passport, uh, my will.
Leonard: You have a will?
Sheldon: Yeah. My 1/18 scale Wil Wheaton action figure. I also have the other kind of will, and in it I will my Wil back to Wil.
Leonard: Will Wil want it?
Wil: Wil won’t.
Penny: Oh, what’s that ring box?
Sheldon: Oh. That is an engagement ring that I was going to give my girlfriend Amy.
Penny: What?
Leonard: You bought her a ring?
Sheldon: No, no. This has been in my family for generations. Except for a short time when Comanches cut off my great-great-great-grandmother’s finger and stole it.
Wil: Sheldon, that’s awful.
Sheldon: No. The Texas Rangers tracked them down to their village and slaughtered every last one of them. It was a happy ending. Well, for my nine-fingered Nana.
Penny: Okay, back to the ring. Does Amy even know about this?
Sheldon: No. She broke up with me before I could broach the subject.
Leonard: Oh, man, I’m sorry, that must have been devastating for you.
Sheldon: No, not at all. No, I’m fine. You know, Amy had reservations about our relationship, so all worked out for the best.
Penny: I know. It just…
Sheldon (shouting): I said I’m fine! (Long pause) We’ve gotten a little off-topic. Allow me to make things entertaining again in this little Spockumentary. That was Leonard’s joke. As a child, when faced with a dilemma, my mother encouraged me to ask what would Jesus do? The answer to that was always love thy neighbour. But my neighbour had a dead tooth, so that wasn’t going to happen. But that’s why I changed it to, what would Spock do?
Adam: Did you find that helpful?
Sheldon: Yes. Oh, for example, three years ago when I discovered Penny was eating all my Pop-Tarts, instead of getting angry or vindictive, you know, I got a floor safe.
Penny: I knew I could smell ’em.
Adam: What about from when you were a kid?
Sheldon: Oh, certainly. Uh, when I was eight years old, Billy Sparks cornered me in the playground. I asked myself what would Spock do? Then I grabbed Billy on his shoulder and performed my first Vulcan nerve pinch.
Adam: Did it work?
Sheldon: Oh, no, he broke my collarbone. I can still hear it click.
Adam: That must have been very upsetting for you.
Sheldon: Oh, not at all. As I said, the entire point of emulating Spock was to rise above human emotion, which I’ve spent a lifetime mastering.
Penny: Oh pfft.
Sheldon: Excuse me?
Penny: I’m sorry. I’m not here.
Sheldon: No. You went pfft. What does pfft mean?
Penny: Um.
Leonard: You did go pfft.
Penny: All right, fine. Well, Sheldon, I’m no expert, but aren’t you completely missing the point of Spock? I mean, he liked to act like he had no emotions, but he was still half human.
Leonard: Just like you.
Penny: I’m just saying, you pretend you don’t, but you have feelings just like everybody else.
Sheldon: Not true. No, look at me. I had an engagement ring to give a girl, and instead, she rejected me. And am I emotional about that? No. No, I am sitting here on a couch, talking about my favourite TV character like nothing happened. ‘Cause I am just like him, all logical, all the time.
Penny: Sweetie, you’re yelling.
Sheldon: Because when I speak at a regular volume, no one seems to believe me that I’ve put this Amy nonsense behind me.
Wil: This documentary is gonna be awesome.
Scene: The crawlspace under Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Mr Rostenkowski: You gonna be okay down here?
Howard: Yeah. Yeah, I feel like an archaeologist. Indiana Jones and the Single-Family Dwelling. Hey. Look. Found a seashell.
Mr Rostenkowski: Yeah, that’s a rat skull.
Howard: Oh.
Mr Rostenkowski: Relax. There’s enough droppings down here without you making more.
Howard: Sorry. Do you have a sense of where we are?
Mr Rostenkowski: Yeah. I think that’s the den.
Howard: Oh. Okay, so we must be under the dining room.
Mr Rostenkowski: Uh-huh. Yep. You know, I know you don’t want to hear this, but it wouldn’t take that much work to turn that den into a nursery.
Howard: Why wouldn’t I want to hear it?
Mr Rostenkowski: ‘Cause Bernie said you didn’t want kids.
Howard: That’s not true at all. I wish she’d get pregnant, believe me. I’m climbing on top of her every chance I get. In a loving and respectful manner. The point is, I really do want kids.
Mr Rostenkowski: Huh.
Howard: I don’t know why she’s lying to you. She’s the one who doesn’t want kids. In fact, every time I bring up the subject…
Bernadette (above): Earthquake.
Howard: Oh, my God, we’re gonna die.
Bernadette: Aftershock.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: I can’t believe Sheldon was gonna ask Amy to marry him.
Leonard: I know. I also can’t believe he watched what we did on that couch and still sits on it.
Penny: Yeah.
Sheldon: Hello.
Leonard: Hey, buddy. How you doing?
Sheldon: Better. Did Wil and Adam leave?
Leonard: Yeah.
Sheldon: Do you think they’re going to put my outburst in the documentary?
Leonard: Oh, yeah.
Penny: Definitely.
Sheldon: Well, there’s no point in dwelling on it. As the Vulcans say, Kup-fun-tor ha’kiv na’ish Du stau.
Penny: Do you know what that means?
Leonard: No.
Penny: Are you telling the truth?
Leonard: Nirsh.
Sheldon: Well, this is ridiculous. Being upset about Amy all the time isn’t accomplishing anything. If I want to resolve this situation, then I need to take action.
Penny: What are you gonna do?
Sheldon: I’m going to find her and ask her to marry me. And if she says yes, we can put this behind us and resume our relationship. And if she says no, well, then she can just ponfo miran.
Leonard: He didn’t meant that.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s kitchen.
Bernadette: So I should probably explain why I kind of fibbed.
Howard: That would be nice.
Bernadette: I told my dad that you were the one who didn’t want kids because I didn’t want to disappoint him.
Howard: But you were okay throwing me under the bus?
Bernadette: Turns out yeah, I didn’t think twice about it.
Mr Rostenkowski: Bernie, you don’t need to worry about me. But I don’t want to see you miss out. Raising children was the most rewarding experience of my life.
Bernadette: Oh, please. Mom did everything. All you did was come home from work, sit on the couch and drink beer. How is that raising kids?
Mr Rostenkowski: This is really a conversation for husband and wife. I’m gonna go clean up, hit the road. If your mother asks, I was here till ten.
Raj: It’s interesting your father didn’t help around the house and Howard doesn’t help, either, so in a way, Howard’s not only like your father, but he’s also like the child that you’re afraid to have.
Howard: Why are you still here?
Raj: Fine, I’ll leave. But it sounds like somebody needs a fresh diaper.
Howard: All right, I admit that I don’t help out a lot. And I need to work on that. But if we had a kid, it would be different.
Bernadette: Why?
Howard: Because when my dad left, I promised myself that if I ever had a chance to be a father I’d always be there.
Bernadette: Okay, I’ll think about it.
Howard: And this an actual I’ll think about it, not like the can we get a motorcycle with a sidecar I’ll think about it”?
Bernadette: It’s an actual I’ll think about it.
Howard: I really believe I’d be a great dad.
Bernadette: I know you would.
Howard: Speaking of making babies, what do you say I wash up and poke around your crawlspace?
Scene: The street. Sheldon sees Amy with another man. He leaves. 
Scene: The apartment.
Kirk (on screen): Dr. Dana feels he isn’t that dangerous. What makes you right and a trained psychiatrist wrong?
Spock (on screen): Because she feels. I don’t. All I know is logic.
Sheldon: Yeah, right. You can just shut your feelings off. There goes television, lying to us again. We let you raise our children, and this is the thanks we get. Leonard, how could I have been so foolish to try and follow in the footsteps of a made-up alien race with no emotions?
Leonard: Well now instead of idolizing fictional characters, you can focus on the real people who are already in your life.
Sheldon: Those are very wise words.
Leonard: Thank you.
Sheldon: They’d just be so much more comforting if they came out of a television.
 								
			
				After a “previously on” sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: I think it’s so adorable you’re making Sheldon breakfast.
Leonard: Well, he’s having a rough time. Amy broke his heart, the DVR cut off the last minute of Doctor Who. That crow followed him home.
Penny: Aren’t you worried you’re making French toast on oatmeal day?
Leonard: Ah, well, what’s this? A pot of oatmeal? Or, thanks to you, what I will now call gloatmeal.
Penny: Oh, I don’t want credit for that.
Sheldon: Oh, Dr. and Mrs. Hofstadter, lovely to see you this fine morning.
Leonard: You’re in a good mood.
Sheldon: Yeah, I am indeed. I have decided, instead of wallowing in sadness about Amy, it is time that I find myself a new female companion.
Penny: Oh. Good for you.
Leonard: What brought this on?
Sheldon: I realized something. When Amy was in my life, I was hyper-focused on my work and ignored her.
Penny: And you don’t want to make the same mistake with the next woman.
Sheldon: No, I need a new woman in my life to ignore so I can hyper-focus on my work again.
Leonard: Hey, I made French toast sticks.
Sheldon: On oatmeal day?
Leonard: Ah, I also made oatmeal.
Sheldon: Ooh, that’s a lot of carbohydrates for a man on the prowl. You know what? You eat it. You’re married, it doesn’t matter what you look like.
Penny: Don’t take advice from a man who threw his shoe at a crow.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Thank you for coming by, gentlemen.
Howard: No problem.
Raj: So what’s up?
Sheldon: Well, it was the two of you who found Amy Farrah Fowler for me. Now that I’m looking for my next girlfriend, it seemed only logical that I employ your services once again.
Howard: You sure you’re up for that? She did hurt you.
Sheldon: Oh, no, it’s all right. I think of my time with Amy as a stick of Fruit Stripe gum. Sweet and enjoyable at first, but ultimately a flavourless lump of sadness.
Raj: You’re not wrong about Fruit Stripe. I was always a Hubba Bubba man.
Howard: Hubba Bubba over Dubble Bubble? You’re crazy.
Raj: Hey, the jaw wants what it wants.
Sheldon: Gentlemen.
Raj: Oh, right, uh, girlfriend. Okay.
Howard: But what are you looking for?
Sheldon: All I’m looking for is an educated, intelligent woman who shares my interests while retaining her own unique point of view. She should be kind, patient, and most important, unable to imagine life without me by ten o’clock tonight.
Howard: Isn’t that a little unreasonable?
Sheldon: All right, fine, she doesn’t need her own point of view. Now, chop-chop.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Come on, Amy, show us the dress.
Amy: Okay. But I’m really stepping outside of my comfort zone here.
Penny: Uh, I don’t think any of your comfort zones are showing.
Bernadette: Yeah, it’s your third date, maybe you could go more sexy.
Amy: Well, some people think the sexiest organ is the brain.
Penny: No one ever bought me drinks at a bar because my brain just popped out of my shirt.
Amy: Do you have any heels higher than this? He’s pretty tall.
Penny: Ooh.
Bernadette: Ooh, tall. Finally some details about this mystery man.
Penny: Yeah, come on, tell us more.
Amy: Well, I told you his name and that he’s tall. What more do you need?
Bernadette: Did you kiss him yet?
Amy: Just a little peck on the lips.
Penny: Well, we’re your best friends, give us one more detail and we promise we’ll leave you alone.
Amy: Fine. Um, he’s British. All right, that is a juicy one.
Penny: All right, where is tall British Dave taking you?
Bernadette: Tea and basketball?
Amy: To that new Italian place on Walnut.
Bernadette: Oh, nice.
Amy: I’m gonna go look for other shoes.
Penny: Good luck. I threw out all my tall ones when I married Leonard.
Bernadette: Hey, you want to swing by that place tonight and get a look at this guy?
Penny: We don’t even know what time they’re gonna be there.
Bernadette: I’ll just call the restaurant, pretend I’m Amy and check the reservation.
Penny: Damn, you’re sneaky.
Bernadette: Yeah, but I’m little, so it’s adorable.
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: I think the quickest way to find you a new girlfriend is just to get you on every dating Web site out there.
Sheldon: Are you sure? I’ve heard that on those sites, often when you think you’re corresponding with someone, it’s actually a computer program pretending to be a real person.
Raj: And you’re afraid it’ll do a better job than you?
Sheldon: Excuse me. No one does a better job pretending to be a person than I do. Siri comes close, but I know more jokes.
Howard: If you don’t want to use dating Web sites, what do you suggest?
Sheldon: Off the top of my head? Uh, prospective women weed themselves out in a battle of wits until only one champion remains, and she shows up at my door flush with the thrill of victory, and then sits quietly by my side while I watch Daredevil.
Howard: You seriously think women would fight for you?
Sheldon: People compete for jobs and trophies, why not me?
Howard: He’s right, he knows a lot of jokes.
Raj: Yeah, no, but it is basic human nature. If we present him as a prize, maybe they would.
Howard: Well, he’s smart, he’s a respected scientist.
Sheldon: And I have the soulful eyes of a cow.
Raj: I don’t know if I’d say you… oh.
Howard: I have an idea. What if we put a post on Craigslist that says world-class Caltech physicist seeking girlfriend. If interested, solve the following puzzles for a chance to meet him.
Sheldon: Oh, we’ll make the puzzles extremely challenging to eliminate unworthy candidates.
Raj: Oh, we could set it up like a scavenger hunt where the last puzzle gives the winner Sheldon’s contact information.
Howard: Well, this is actually an interesting social experiment.
Raj: I’m a little jealous of the people who get to do it.
Howard: Me, too. And we’ve seen the prize.
Scene: The stairwell.
Leonard: I don’t understand why we’re leaving so early for the movie.
Penny: Oh, I forgot to tell you, we’re gonna meet up with Bernadette to spy on Amy and her date.
Leonard: What? I don’t want to do that.
Penny: What, and you think I want to see a documentary about aluminium can recycling?
Leonard: This is the movie that big soda doesn’t want you to see.
Penny: No, it’s the movie your wife doesn’t want you to see.
Leonard: So you’re actually okay with invading your friend’s privacy?
Penny: You’re not curious who she’s out with?
Leonard: Not really.
Penny: But you’re curious about aluminium cans? You’re a weird little guy.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: That’s it. The Sheldon Cooper Girlfriend Challenge is officially live.
Howard: Congratulations.
Raj: This is exciting.
Sheldon: Right now, somewhere, a woman is dividing the atomic weight of the best noble gas by the number of colours in the oldest national flag still in use.
Howard: Then using that number as the average speed to calculate the travel time from Mordor to the Shire.
Sheldon: And, taking her first step towards a lifetime of laughter, love and, best of all, rules.
Raj: I, I hope we didn’t make the puzzles too hard.
Howard: Well, if she can solve them, it’ll prove she’s intelligent, tenacious and so socially awkward she has nothing better to do on a Saturday night.
Sheldon: Golly, she sounds too good to be true.
Scene: A restaurant.
Tall British Dave: This is fun. I haven’t dated much since my divorce.
Amy: Well, I’m having a good time, too. If you don’t mind me asking, why did you and your wife split up?
Dave: Oh, you know how it is, we wanted different things. I wanted children, and she wanted a pastry chef named Jean-Philippe.
Amy: Oh, I’m, I’m so sorry.
Dave: No, it’s, it’s fine. It’s why I left England. It reminded me too much of her. Cold, gloomy and easily accessed by a Frenchman through a tunnel.
(in the car outside)
Penny: Hey. So, where are they?
Bernadette: Across the street, in the left window.
Penny: Oh, damn it, we should have brought binoculars.
Bernadette: Right here.
Leonard: You just happen to have those in the car?
Bernadette: Kinda. Before I met Howie, I liked to keep close tabs on my boyfriends.
Leonard: By stalking them?
Bernadette: No. Stalkers are creepy. I’m just a harmless little girl with military-grade spy equipment.
Penny: Oh, there he is.
Bernadette: He’s cute, right?
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: Can I see?
Penny: What, now you’re interested? You didn’t even want to come.
Leonard: I know, but you guys make being a crappy friend look fun.
Penny: Fine.
Leonard: Yeah, okay, I see him. It looks like they’re having a nice time. I wish I could hear what they’re saying.
Bernadette: Yeah, I should’ve brought my parabolic microphone.
Penny: Your what?
Bernadette: Nothing. Not important.
Dave: So you’ve never been married?
Amy: No. I mean, to be completely honest, I’ve, I’ve only been in one long-term relationship.
Dave: Oh. What happened with that?
Amy: That’s a good question. After five years, it was just feeling like more work than it should be.
Dave: Oh, that’s too bad. Was he a neurobiologist like you?
Amy: No. He’s a theoretical physicist at Caltech.
Dave: I love teaching math, but that would be my dream job. What’s his focus?
Amy: Um, used to be string theory, now it’s dark matter. But let’s not discuss Sheldon. Let’s get back to you.
Dave: Wait, you’re not talking about Dr. Sheldon Cooper?
Amy: I’m trying not to. Do you know him?
Dave: No, but I’ve followed his work for years. He’s a rock star. You’ve got to tell me about him. What’s he like?
Penny: He really seems into her.
Bernadette: I took a video. I forgot how much fun this is.
Leonard: Okay, we saw them. Can we go catch the movie?
Bernadette: Why’d you bring him?
Penny: I had to; we’re married now.
Bernadette: Ugh, I hear that.
Dave: I’m sorry, just one more question about Sheldon.
Amy: Sure, why not?
Dave: It’s more of a four-part question, really. When he wrote his paper on supersingular prime numbers, how long did it take?
Amy: Um about an hour and half.
Dave: Wow. I mean, wow. And you were there to see it?
Amy: Yes. Yep. We were on a date. Very much like this one.
Dave: Mm. I doubt it was like this one. I mean, he’s a genius, and I wasn’t even smart enough to figure out why my wife always smelled of croissants.
Amy: What was the rest of your question?
Dave: Do you think you could introduce me to him?
Amy: Really? You-you want me to introduce you to my ex-boyfriend?
Dave: You’re right, it’s, it’s weird. No, wait. Do it. No. I changed my mind. I’d be too nervous. Oh, I don’t know what to do.
Leonard: Are we gonna be much longer? I really have to go to the bathroom.
Bernadette: Right here.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: 37 minutes left until the deadline.
Sheldon: Someone will show.
Howard: And no matter what happens, this is still a fun experiment.
Raj: Not as fun as the night we blew up grapes in the microwave. We really have led full lives.
Sheldon: Someone will show.
Raj: Maybe you don’t want someone exactly like you. You know what they say, opposites attract.
Sheldon: Well, by that logic, I should be with someone short, dull and needy, eh? Not to cast aspersions, but I can’t shake a stick around here without hitting that.
Scene: The restaurant.
Dave: You know, I once drove 500 miles to hear him speak at Stanford.
Amy: I have a DVD of that lecture.
Dave: Really? Wasn’t it great?
Amy: Not as a Valentine’s present, no.
Dave: Well, the next time you watch it, I’m the bloke who asked the question that he said was stupid and obvious. It was the nicest thing he said to anyone there.
Amy: That’s, um, terrific. Listen, I’m, I’m kind of tired. Can we call it a night?
Dave: Oh, gosh. Sorry, I’ve just spent the whole night talking about your ex-boyfriend. I’m such an idiot.
Amy: No, you’re not.
Dave: Well, maybe not an idiot, but certainly not as smart as someone we won’t mention.
Amy: Thank you.
Dave: That you said you might introduce me to, I’m free on Thursday.
Bernadette: Hey, hey, they’re leaving.
Penny: What? Here, give me, give me. Oh, my God. Oh, my God, they’re coming right towards us.
Bernadette: We got to get out of here.
Penny: Okay. Well, wait, what about Leonard?
Bernadette: He and his tiny bladder can take the bus. (Reverses into car behind)
Penny: Oh, no.
Dave: She just hit my car.
Amy: What are you guys doing here?
Bernadette: Hi, Ames, what are you doing here?
Leonard: What happened?
Dave: O-M-G. Aren’t you Leonard Hofstadter?
Leonard: Yeah.
Dave: I saw you speak at Stanford with Sheldon Cooper. Amy, can you believe it? It’s Dr. Leonard Hofstadter.
Amy: No. Pinch me.
Dave: It’s an absolute pleasure to meet you. Can I shake your hand?
Leonard: I don’t know if you want to do that, I was just, okay, never mind.
Dave: Amy, I’m never washing this hand again.
Leonard: You really should.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Sixty seconds. This is not looking good.
Sheldon: One minute is a long time.
Howard: I’ve been telling women that for 20 years.
Raj: Forty-five.
Sheldon: 45 seconds is plenty of time for a woman to walk through that door and fall in love with me. You know, probably half that if I break out the old cow eyes.
Raj: Thirty seconds.
Sheldon: Uh-oh. What if it’s Jennifer Lawrence?
Howard: What?
Sheldon: Well, that last Hunger Games was not my cup of tea.
Howard: You thought she was great in X-Men.
Sheldon: Oh, fine, I won’t shut my heart to the love of Jennifer Lawrence.
Raj: Guys, fifteen seconds.
Howard: Maybe she’s waiting to show up at the last possible moment.
Sheldon: Sounds like a drama queen. Oh, no. It is Jennifer Lawrence.
Raj: Five, four, three, two, one. That’s too bad.
Howard: Maybe we did make the test too difficult.
Raj: I don’t think it matters. Look, Sheldon, I believe when the time is right for you to meet someone, it’ll just happen. Okay? Not because of a test or a Web site, but because… (knock on door) we are the dreamers of dreams.
Howard: It’s an actual girl, and she’s really pretty.
Raj: Answer it.
Sheldon: All right. Can I help you?
Girl: Um, are you the physicist that placed the ad on Craigslist?
Sheldon: Yes.
Girl: Hi. I’m Vanessa Bennett. Sorry it took a while for me to get here. I was stuck in this boring symposium on atomic spectroscopy when I came across your ad, and it saved my night. The puzzles were, were really fun. I’ve never had to translate Klingon into ancient Sanskrit before.
Sheldon: Careful, it’s addictive.
Vanessa: Chija”e’vlKub je. Or, as they say in Sanskrit, Ahm asman matey-bee ta-teyva.
Sheldon: And just like that, you’re a Klingon-Sanskrit junkie.
Vanessa: Anyway, I, I just, I knew I had to meet the person responsible for such a brilliant idea. And I don’t need to tell you, there aren’t a lot of men who love physics, archaic languages and flags of the world.
Sheldon: I am a bit of a unicorn. Well, you certainly seem like a special lady, uh, but as you know, you missed the deadline, so thanks for playing.
Raj: How could you send her away?
Sheldon: She was late. And she found atomic spectroscopy boring. Well, I wouldn’t coitus her with your genitals.
Scene: Amy’s car.
Dave: Uh, thanks for driving me home.
Amy: No problem. I’m really sorry about your car.
Dave: Oh, it’s all right. If you’re free next weekend, I’d love to take you out again.
Amy: Um, listen, you’re a really nice guy, but I just, I don’t think this is working out.
Dave: Oh. Okay.
Amy: I’m, I’m really sorry.
Dave: No, it’s, at least the same woman that rejected Sheldon Cooper rejected me.
Amy: There you go.
Dave: If I ever do meet him, we’ll have that in common.
Amy: Sure. Heh.
Dave: And, he’s kissed you and I’ve kissed you, so if you think about it…
Amy: Okay, get out.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Have you guys seen this feature that lets you talk to Siri without pressing any buttons?
Howard: No. How does it work?
Raj: You just say, uh, Hey, Siri, what time is it?
Siri: The time is 6:37 p.m.
Howard: So now anyone can control your phone? Hey, Siri, show me pictures of naked grandma butts.
Raj: Nice try. It only recognizes my voice.
Howard: Oh. Cool. (In thick Indian accent) Hey, Siri, show me pictures of naked grandma butts.
Raj: I don’t sound like that.
Siri: Here are some images of naked grandma butts.
Sheldon: Hey. Good news, everybody. Now that I’m no longer with Amy, I have an extra ticket to the annual Thanksgiving lunch buffet at the aquarium cafeteria. Who wants it? Well, you realize you won’t be going alone, I’ll be there the whole time. Providing fish and pilgrim facts. Can you people hear me?
Leonard: Well, we’re having everyone over.
Penny: Yeah, Leonard and I are gonna be cooking all day.
Leonard: Otherwise we’d love to.
Penny: But we can’t.
Leonard: Yeah, poor us.
Penny: Mm-hmm.
Bernadette: And Raj and I are volunteering at the soup kitchen, feeding food to the homeless.
Sheldon: Well, Howard, what about you?
Howard: Oh, I can’t. I’m going to the soup kitchen, too.
Bernadette: You said that sounded like the worst thing ever.
Howard: If you can’t support me when I’m lying, why are we married?
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy (on skype): Hi, Sheldon. What’s up?
Sheldon: Well, I’m calling because Thanksgiving is coming up, and I wanted to offer you the aquarium tickets.
Amy: No one can go with you?
Sheldon: No. They’d rather spend the holiday with each other than find out of this is the year I finally touch a starfish. Anyway, I wouldn’t want the tickets to go to waste, so take whomever you’d like.
Amy: Oh. Okay. Thank you.
Sheldon: And feel free to tell your guest that the Myanmar catfish is also known as the pilgrim fish. In case the turkey’s dry and you need something juicy.
Amy: Sheldon, I can tell you want to go, so if you’d be comfortable with it, maybe we could go as friends.
Sheldon: You don’t think that will be awkward?
Amy: Well it is Thanksgiving in an aquarium cafeteria, so I’m gonna go out on a limb here and say yes. But if you mean between us, I think it’ll be fine.
Sheldon: Very well, then. I’ll see you on Thanksgiving morning.
Amy: See you then.
Sheldon: Oh, and forget what I said about the Myanmar catfish. My list of marine-themed pilgrim facts is pretty short.
Amy: Did you know they served shellfish and eel at the very first Thanksgiving?
Sheldon: And there goes my list.
Scene: Outside the soup kitchen.
Emily: So, how does this work?
Bernadette: The soup kitchen manager assigns the jobs, and the shifts are six hours.
Howard: Six hours? Oh, God, I don’t want to complain for that long.
Raj: Do you ever do anything for anyone else?
Howard: I happen to be a giving and generous lover.
Emily: Are you and I close enough for me to say that’s creepy?
Bernadette: We are, and I believe the word you’re looking for is yu-huh-huh-huh.
Soup Kitchen Manager: Uh, can I help you?
Bernadette: Hi. We’d like to volunteer.
Soup Kitchen Manager: Oh, I appreciate you guys coming down, but we already have enough people. Any other day, please, come back.
Bernadette: Oh. Okay. Wipe that smug smile off your face.
Howard: Maybe I’m happy that so many people turned up to help the less fortunate.
Emily: Are you and I close enough for me to say…
Bernadette: That he’s an ass? He beat you to it.
Soup Kitchen Manager: I was wrong. A large group had to cancel.
Bernadette: Oh, great. We’d love to help.
Howard: Wipe that smug smile off your face.
Bernadette: I can’t.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Look at us. Our first Thanksgiving as husband and wife.
Leonard: I know. I feel so grown up.
Penny: Sweetie, you are grown up.
Leonard: Really? How many grown-ups do you know who have Mr. Spock oven mitts? Hey, the recipes are on my iPad. Will you pull ’em up?
Penny: Yep. What’s the code?
Leonard: My birthday.
Penny: It’s not working.
Leonard: It’s just the four digits, month and day.
Penny: Nope.
Leonard: Let me see. Yeah, there. What number were you putting in?
Penny: Uh.
Leonard: You don’t know my birthday, do you?
Penny: Yes, I do.
Leonard: Well, what is it?
Penny: May.
Leonard: May what?
Penny: I’m not gonna say your password out loud. That is not secure.
Leonard: You don’t know your own husband’s birthday.
Penny: Well, you don’t know everything about me.
Leonard: Your birthday is December 2, you grew up on Perkins Street, the last four digits of your social are 7 6-2 1, and the odds of me letting you forget this are zero.
Penny: Oh, look at us. Our last Thanksgiving as husband and wife.
Scene: Amy’s car.
Sheldon: Hello.
Amy: Hi. Ready for the aquarium?
Sheldon: I am. You know, and in an effort to reduce awkwardness as we learn how to function as friends, I printed out a list of safe topics for polite conversation.
Amy: If that makes you more comfortable.
Sheldon: If there were a list of things that make me more comfortable, lists would be on the top of that list. Okay, now, oh, since last we spoke, have you acquired any pets?
Amy: No. You?
Sheldon: No. Um, since last we spoke, have you planned or gone on any vacations?
Amy: I might go visit my aunt next week.
Sheldon: Mm. Your aunt in Modesto?
Amy: No, the one in Bakersfield.
Sheldon: Bakersfield. I see. Where has this list been all my life?
Scene: The soup kitchen.
Soup Kitchen Manager: We’re gonna have you washing dishes. Uh, aprons and rubber gloves are here, just scrape, wash and stack. If you need me, I’ll be around.
Howard: So we don’t even get to be up front where the action is?
Bernadette: What difference does it make?
Howard: I don’t know. I was hoping some poor kid would come up to me and say, please, sir, I want some more.
Raj: You’re in a soup kitchen, not a production of Oliver!
Howard: It’s not like I’m expecting them to sing.
Scene: Amy’s car. 
Sheldon: and then the next day was 73 degrees, and the day after that was 72, and then it was 72 again, uh, then it was 74, and that brings us to today, at I’d wear shorts if I had a pair. 78.
Amy: Are we done discussing the weather?
Sheldon: I don’t know if I’d call it discussing. You kind of sat back and let me do all the work. Let’s see, what’s next on the list. Oh, uh, do you whittle, and if so, what kind of knife do you use.
Amy: Sheldon. We’ve known each other a long time. We are perfectly capable of having a conversation without relying on a list off the Internet.
Sheldon: All right. Well, what should we talk about?
Amy: I don’t know. Just ask me whatever comes to mind.
Sheldon: Very well. I know you’ve been seeing other men. Have you had coitus with any of them?
Amy: Man, I walked right into that one.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Next we need a teaspoon of pepper, which, I believe, was also the name of your childhood dog.
Penny: Fine. You think you know so much. Who’s my favourite Spice Girl?
Leonard: Baby.
Penny: Who’s my favorite member of NSYNC?
Leonard: Justin.
Penny: Who’s my favorite Backstreet Boy?
Leonard: Nice try. NSYNC forever.
Penny: Damn it.
Leonard: Face it, you can’t stump me. I am the king of husbands. I know that you don’t like the lingerie that I got you on Valentine’s Day. I know you hate the word moist. I know…
Penny: Hang on. Wait, wait. Why don’t I like the lingerie you got me?
Leonard: Because it’s orange and you think it makes you look like a slutty carrot.
Penny: Interesting. I never told you that.
Leonard: Sure you did.
Penny: No. I never told anyone that. But I did write it in my journal.
Leonard: What? I didn’t know you had a journal.
Penny: I also know your voice gets higher when you’re lying.
Leonard: No, it doesn’t.
Scene: The soup kitchen.
Raj: You know, this reminds me of high school.
Emily: You worked in a restaurant?
Raj: No, I was in India, it was humid and smelled funny.
Howard: All right, I think I’m getting into a groove here. This isn’t so bad.
Emly: Only five hours and 40 minutes to go.
Howard: We’ve only been doing this 20 minutes?
Raj: You know, I read that washing dishes can be an excellent form of meditation. The key is that while washing the dishes one should only be washing the dishes.
Howard: Just because you have that accent doesn’t mean what you say isn’t stupid.
Raj: No, seriously. It’s about being present in the moment, focusing on the feeling of the warm water, the smell of the detergent, the sound of the dishes squeaking, and following your own breath. It’s about, it’s about simply being.
Howard: Huh. Okay, I’ll try it.
Soup Kitchen Manager: I need three people out front.
Bernadette: I’ll do it.
Raj: Me.
Emily: Right here!
Howard: No fair, I was meditating.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Come on, don’t be mad. It was a long time ago, and it was an accident.
Penny: How can reading my journal be an accident?
Leonard: I didn’t even know what it was. I saw it on your nightstand. I picked it up.
Penny: Well, when you realized what it was, why didn’t you stop?
Leonard: You know me, I’m a big ol’ bookworm.
Penny: All right. Let’s just finish cooking.
Leonard: Well, hey, okay. Let me make this up to you. Sometimes I keep an online journal. I want you to read something that I wrote.
Penny: Okay, really, I’m fine.
Leonard: Okay. Well, then I’ll read it to you. It’s from the day we first met. Beauty, thy name is Penny.
Penny: Oh, God. Stop. I don’t want you to read something you think’ll just butter me up. I want to hear the most recent thing you wrote.
Leonard: Fine. Mmm, Penny’s beauty, like our love, grows more with each passing day.”
Penny: Does it really say that?
Leonard: Why would I lie?
Penny: OMG. OMG. We’re so close to the new Star Wars. I can’t take it. Gah. Gah?
Leonard: Well, you didn’t read it right. The new Star Wars is coming. Gah.
Scene: Amy’s car.
Sheldon: I’m sensing things have gotten awkward.
Amy: No. It’s okay. If we’re friends, we should be able to talk about anything.
Sheldon: All right.
Amy: So, you had some questions about me seeing other people.
Sheldon: Just a few.
Amy: Go ahead.
Sheldon: How many dates have you been on? Who were they with? Where’d you go? Where did you meet them? Did you sleep with them? And how much longer to the aquarium? I’m getting kind of hungry.
Amy: Let’s see. I have been on six dates with three different people. It was either for coffee or dinner. One I met at a bookstore and two I met online. I haven’t slept with anyone. The aquarium is 40 minutes away. And there’s a baggie of Cheerios for you in the glove compartment.
Sheldon: Is that regular or honey nut?
Amy: I mixed them.
Sheldon: You mixed them. No wonder gentleman callers are pounding down your door. Do you have any questions for me?
Amy: Just one. Are you doing okay?
Sheldon: I am.
Amy: Good. I want you to be happy.
Sheldon: I believe you. I’d believe you more if you threw a few Apple Jacks in here.
Scene: The soup kitchen.
Man: Here you go.
Howard: Thanks. You got to be kidding me.
Man: Sorry?
Howard: Y, you’re Elon Musk.
Elon: I am.
Howard: Wh, what are you doing here?
Elon: I’m washing dishes. Well, I was on the turkey line, but I got demoted for being too generous with the gravy.
Howard: Oh, man. I, what an honour to meet you. I’m, I’m such a fan of Tesla and SpaceX. All your companies. Howard Wolowitz, Caltech.
Elon: Nice to meet you, Howard. Feels great to come down here and help the less fortunate, huh?
Howard: Oh, yeah. Nothing better than helping people. Which is something I realized when I was viewing Earth from the deck of the International Space Station, where I spent two months as a payload specialist, a job I was qualified for because I’m an MIT-trained engineer.
Elon: And I thought I ladled the gravy on thick.
Howard: Sorry. It’s just, you’re you, you know? And I really want you to adopt me.
Elon: Well, you’re here on Thanksgiving, so you’re probably a good person.
Howard: Oh. I made my wife come down, too.
Elon: You think you might ever get back out to space?
Howard: Is that a job offer? ‘Cause I really want to go to Mars. Assuming I can bring my wife. She hardly takes up any room. She’s basically a carry-on.
Elon: Well, we’re not quite there yet, but we’re always looking for engineers. So let me give you my e-mail. We can stay in touch.
Howard: Thank you.
Elon: Oh, look. Someone hardly touched their pumpkin pie. Want to share it with me?
Howard: A partially eaten piece of pumpkin pie from a homeless shelter? With Elon Musk, you bet I do.
Scene: The aquarium. 
Sheldon: You know, for a Thanksgiving buffet in an aquarium cafeteria, that was really bad.
Amy: You’re just upset ’cause they ran out of Pilgrim hats.
Sheldon: They gave one to that baby. He wasn’t even awake.
Amy: Well, it wouldn’t be a holiday without you being mad at a baby.
Sheldon: Oh. Would you care to play an ocean-themed game I invented?
Amy: Sure. What is it?
Sheldon: It’s called Food, Friend, Fight. One of us chooses three aquatic creatures, and the other one must decide which he would eat, befriend, or battle.
Amy: So it’s like Kiss, Marry, Kill.
Sheldon: What is that?
Amy: It’s a game where you’re given three people and you choose which one you’d kiss, marry, or kill.
Sheldon: Well, my game is better, ’cause instead of marrying someone, you get to eat them.
Amy: Let’s just play.
Sheldon: I’ll start you off easy. Electric eel, pufferfish, shrimp.
Amy: Hmm. Well, I wouldn’t fight the eel, because I know it can generate enough current to kill a horse. So I’d eat the eel, fight the shrimp, and befriend the pufferfish, because it would be nice to have company on those days I feel bloated.
Sheldon: Very well done.
Amy: Thank you. Okay, your turn. Hmm. Seal, hagfish, SpongeBob SquarePants.
Sheldon: Well, I’d befriend SpongeBob but he’s not real, so I can’t do that, can I?
Amy: But you can pal around with a hagfish?
Sheldon: Hey, let’s not pull at that thread. Okay. I’ll fight SpongeBob, because he’s so friendly we’ll just end up tickling each other. Um, I’ll befriend the seal, because he’s trainable, which is the problem I’m having with my current friends. Which means I’ll have to eat the hagfish.
Amy: Isn’t that gross? I mean, a hagfish can produce enough mucus to fill a bucket in a minute.
Sheldon: I know. It makes its own gravy, it’ll slide right down.
Amy: I miss this.
Sheldon: How can you miss a game you’ve never played before, silly?
Amy: I guess sometimes I’m silly.
Scene: The apartment. 
Penny: Hey. Where’d you go? I can’t tell if the turkey’s done.
Leonard: Be right there. Hi, lover.
Penny: What are you doing?
Leonard: I’m sorry about the journal. I want to make it up to you. So I’m gonna let you post a shame photo of me on Facebook.
Penny: I am not putting that on the Internet. I don’t want people to see this. I don’t want to see it.
Leonard: Don’t want people to see what, huh? A little bit of this?
Penny: Oh.
Leonard: Huh? Some of this? And, since it’s Thanksgiving, an extra helping of this?
Bernadette: Happy Thanks… Yikes.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: I’m glad you had a nice time with Amy.
Sheldon: Me, too. It’s comforting to know that she and I are able to function as friends.
Penny: Well, I’ve never been friends with any of my exes.
Sheldon: Oh, I’m sure you and Leonard will be able to pull it off. (Phone rings) Oh. It’s my friend Amy. Hello.
Amy: Hi, Sheldon. I’m just driving home from my mother’s.
Sheldon: Did you have a nice time?
Amy: I did. Um, listen, I really enjoyed spending this morning with you.
Sheldon: Well, I can’t take all the credit. It was pretty funny when that one anchovy started going the wrong way.
Amy: It was. Uh, listen, I, I was thinking that, um, maybe I’m ready to be your girlfriend again.
Sheldon: Oh. I thought we were just friends.
Amy: We are. But I was hoping, maybe…
Sheldon: Amy, I excel at many things, but getting over you wasn’t one of them. I think I need to just be your friend.
Amy: Okay. I understand.
Sheldon: Good. Oh, I watched a video of the hagfish producing mucus, so I’m gonna change my answer and eat SpongeBob.
Amy: Okay. Sure.
 								
			
				Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Sheldon: Sheldon Cooper’s descent into madness, day two. It’s 2:25 a.m., and I feel the urge to urinate. My normal urination time is 7:10 a.m., but here I am, in the middle of the night, struggling to keep my mind sharp and my pajamas dry. It’s only a matter of time before my tenuous grasp on reality fades. I suppose I should pee while I still know what a toilet is.
Scene: The apartment. 2 days earlier.
Leonard: Since when do you hum songs?
Sheldon: What are you talking about?
Leonard: You were just humming.
Sheldon: Are you sure? Sometimes when my brain really gets moving, it makes noise.
Leonard: How does your brain feel about calculating the surface tension of the domain walls?
Sheldon: Let’s see. Hey, I was humming. One point for Hufflepuff. What song is that?
Leonard: Well, hum it again. Is that the SpongeBob song?
Sheldon (singing): Who lives in a pineapple. Nope.
Leonard: Whatever. Can we just get back to this?
Sheldon: I feel like I know what song that is, but I can’t put my finger on it. (Singing) My country, ’tis of thee. No.
Leonard: It’s just an earworm. It’ll come to you.
Sheldon: Okay. (Singing) R-E-S-P-E-C-T. No.
Leonard: Is this what we’re doing the rest of the night?
Sheldon (singing): I’m surprised you have to ask.
Credits sequence. 
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon (on phone): Hello, yes, I was hoping you could help me. What song is this? La, la, la, la, la, la, la. You don’t know? Well, how dare you call yourselves a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame? My goodness. Do you sing along to the greatest hits of Elvis Presley with that mouth? Well, they were no help at all.
Leonard: Which is crazy, since rock and roll is all about good customer service.
Penny: Yeah. So you have a song stuck in your head. It happens to everybody.
Sheldon: Well, I’m not everybody. I have an eidetic memory. I should be able to remember what song this is, but I can’t. Something’s wrong with me.
Penny: I told you if we were patient, he’d figure it out for himself.
Sheldon: I was always afraid this day would come. This might be the first step of my descent into madness, where I gradually test the limits of public nudity.
Penny: Public nudity?
Leonard: Eh, that just means going barefoot.
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Dave (voice on phone): Hello?
Amy: Hi, Dave. Uh, it’s Amy.
Dave: Oh. How are you?
Amy: I’m fine. How are you?
Dave: Terrific. And pleasantly surprised to hear from you, given how I acted on our last date.
Amy: Yeah, well, we both made mistakes, you know. I took the last breadstick, you gushed over my ex-boyfriend like he was Leonard Nimoy and you were my ex-boyfriend.
Dave: So, to what do I owe the pleasure?
Amy: Well, I was wondering if you’d like to get dinner again sometime.
Dave: Yes, please.
Amy: Great.
Dave: Let me just check my schedule, he said, trying to seem like a man with things on his schedule.
Amy: How ’bout Saturday?
Dave: Uh, hmm, let me see. Uh, Friday, farmers’ market with Jay Z. Sunday, piano shopping with Elton John. Saturday works.
Scene: Howard’s workshop.
Raj: Oh. Did you know, at the United Nations, there’s a Department for Outer Space Affairs?
Howard: Really? Why?
Raj: They exist in case we ever make contact with an alien civilization.
Howard: Mm, boy, that’s one of those jobs that’s boring, boring, boring, then, oh, God, where’s the memo with what we do now?
Raj: Oh, this is cool. So, a few weeks ago I set up a fan page on Facebook for our band and…
Howard: Wait a second. How could you do that without consulting me?
Raj: It’s not a big deal. It just took, like, five minutes to set up.
Howard: That’s not the point. When we created Footprints on the Moon, we agreed that every band decision would be mutual. Now you’re just trying to take over the whole thing. You know, maybe I should go solo.
Raj: But someone joined our page. We have an actual fan.
Howard: All right. This thing’s bigger than you and me, band’s back together.
Raj: So, listen to what he wrote. Uh, I saw you play at the comic book store. You guys rock. And then there’s an animated smiley face raising the roof like this.
Howard: We did raise the roof that night.
Raj: Yeah, we totally did.
Howard: Why do rock stars do drugs when this feels so great?
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon (singing): Why can’t I recall this song? This is taking far too long. The urge to bang my head against the wall again and again and again and again and again is strong.
Leonard: Put on some headphones.
Sheldon (singing): No they make my earlobes sweat.
Penny: Hey, sweetie, why don’t you take a break and do something else for a while?
Sheldon: There was a project I’ve been thinking about starting.
Penny: Okay, great. What is it?
Sheldon: I’ll show you. (Into phone camera) Dear Crazy Future Sheldon, you were driven mad by an earworm. Your mind, once your most trusted asset, is now a sack of parrots and monkeys. So, I’m going to tell you everything you need to know. Uh, first, music is dangerous. The movie Footloose tried to warn us, but we wouldn’t listen. Oh, wait. (Singing) Everyody cut footloose. Nope.
Penny: I’ll pay a thousand dollars to watch you cut footloose.
Sheldon: This is Penny. She is your friend. If she offers you food, it’s safe to take it. You probably paid for it, anyway.
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Bernadette: So, you’re really going out with Dave again?
Amy: Why not? He’s actually a very nice guy.
Bernadette: But he spent an entire date talking about how much he loves Sheldon.
Amy: That’s nothing Sheldon hasn’t done before. Dave’s just a big fan of his work. Besides, he said he wouldn’t bring it up again.
Bernadette: Okay. So where’s he taking you?
Amy: Oh, he’s coming here. I’m actually making dinner.
Bernadette: Oh. That’s a big step.
Amy: It is?
Bernadette: Yeah. You’re inviting him into your home. It’s intimate. It’s where your underpants live.
Amy: You know what? Good. I tried to get back together with Sheldon, he shot me down. Dave likes me. Maybe intimate is what I need.
Bernadette: You sure? You’ve never really been with a man. Do you really want to start with one that’s six-foot-seven?
Amy: Why not?
Bernadette: ‘Cause it’s like taking your driver’s test in a bus.
Scene: Howard’s workshop.
Raj: Maybe we should post a comment back to our fan and thank him.
Howard: What should we write?
Raj: How about, uh, oh, how about, we might be Footprints on the Moon, but your kind words sent us over the moon.
Howard: Someday you’re gonna make an amazing grandma.
Raj: Well what do you want to write?
Howard: Something badass, you know, like, thanks for diggin’ our vibe. We’ll keep rockin’ if you keep rollin’.
Raj: Dude, if I was wearing a bra, I’d throw it at your head right now.
Howard: I’ll keep rockin’. You don’t do that.
Raj: Okay. I posted it.
Howard: So, who is this guy?
Raj: Let’s see. Uh, his name is Trent Monaco.
Howard: Cool name.
Raj: Yeah. He’s 24. He’s a deejay. He brews his own beer. He’s got awesome tattoos. Dude, he’s got a hot girlfriend, too.
Howard: Damn. I don’t know if he’s our biggest fan or I’m his. Hey, Trent just liked our comment.
Raj: He is so cool. Hey, no hard feelings, but I’m throwing my hypothetical bra at him.
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom. Sheldon is playing his tune on a keyboard in the background.
Penny: Oh, my God, he won’t stop.
Leonard: How does he keep coming up with new ways to be annoying?
Penny: Nobody knows. That’s why he’s number one. Can you please go talk to him?
Leonard: Come on. I take care of him all day long. You do it for once.
Penny: Once? Who got the gum out of his hair?
Leonard: What do you want, a medal? It was your gum.
Penny: Fine.
Leonard: I love you.
Penny: Who cares?
Sheldon (off): What are you doing in my room? Stop it. That’s mine. Why are you so strong?
Penny: Problem solved.
Leonard: Oh, yeah, he got a tuba.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Dear Crazy Future Sheldon, this is a thermostat. It controls the temperature of the apartment. The ideal setting is 72 degrees. If you find this too cold, then put on a jacket. A straitjacket, ’cause 72’s the best and you’re crazy. Now, this is your spot. You’re very protective of it. When anyone else tries to sit here, you berate them relentlessly. It sounds mean, but somehow you make it adorable. People are also delighted by your love of pranks. For example, Leonard has no idea what I did to his coffee. It wasn’t replace it with Folger’s crystals, I’ll tell you that much.
Leonard: Hey, can we please get back to work?
Sheldon: This is Leonard. He’s your best friend in the world.
Leonard: All right, just stop. This is ridiculous.
Sheldon: Sometimes he gets cranky, but you can trust him with your life. And he does more things for you than I can even begin to list.
Leonard: Thank you.
Sheldon: Oh, no, he’s drinking it.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Howard: Look at this. Trent is rebuilding a vintage motorcycle.
Raj: That is so cool. Old broken things are so much better than new things that work.
Bernadette: Who’s Trent?
Howard: Oh, he’s our fan.
Bernadette: Fan of what?
Howard: Uh, did you forget? We’re in a band.
Bernadette: You mean because you played one time in the comic book store?
Howard: And at the children’s hospital until they asked us to leave.
Raj: Hey, dude, Trent just checked in at the coffee shop on Fair Oaks.
Howard: Really? You want to go down there and meet him?
Bernadette: Are you stalking him? That’s creepy.
Raj: It’s not creepy. I built a Footprints on the Moon fan page, Trent joined it.
Howard: After that, all I did was check out his profile, go back in the archive of his feed until I found his Twitter handle.
Raj: From there, it was easy to find him on Instagram, Snapchat and pretty much track his every movement.
Howard: So if you think that’s creepy, you married the wrong guy.
Bernadette: Maybe I should marry Trent.
Raj: Yeah, like she could get Trent.
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Dave: This is delicious.
Amy: Thank you.
Dave: Been a long time since I had a home-cooked meal.
Amy: When you were married, did your wife cook?
Dave: Not at first, no. But when she began cheating on me with a French chef, she became quite the wiz in the kitchen.
Amy: So, a little silver lining.
Dave: I suppose. Yeah. Nothing takes the sting out of a shattered life like a properly-seasoned bowl of onion soup. How long have you, uh, lived here?
Amy: Uh, about five years. I’m actually thinking of moving to a better place now that I don’t need to be so close to, well, you know.
Dave: I do. The brilliant physicist that I now know lives in the area, not that I care.
Amy: Yeah. Anyway, he doesn’t drive, so, I pretty much had to take him everywhere.
Dave: Had to or got to? Sorry.
Amy: My fault. I brought him up.
Dave: Yeah. Well, let’s change the subject. No more mentions of you-know-who. That’s a cool train. Where did you get that?
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Bah, bam, bum-bum, bah, bum, bum. This song is never going to stop. Have you ever dealt with something so relentlessly irritating?
Leonard: That’s a trick question, right?
Sheldon: Well, I shouldn’t be surprised. There’s a rich history of brilliant minds descending into madness.
Penny: Come on, Sheldon. There are plenty of smart people who don’t have mental problems.
Leonard: Yup, she’s right. For every Newton who had a psychological issue, there’s an Edison who was just a jerk. That could totally be you.
Sheldon: Empedocles thought he was a god and jumped into a volcano. And Pythagoras had an irrational fear of beans. Tesla fell madly in love with a pigeon who he claimed loved him back.
Penny: Maybe he just had bread in his pocket.
Sheldon: The list extends outside of science. Painters like Van Gogh and Pollock, chess champion Bobby Fischer, Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys. (Clip of Darling by the Beach Boys) I remember the song. It’s called Darlin’ by the Beach Boys. Oh, thank goodness. I’m not crazy. I don’t have to take a pigeon as my bride.
Leonard: There goes our shot at him living on the roof.
Scene: A coffee shop.
Raj: So, all right, there he is. So, should we introduce ourselves?
Howard: No. Let him spot us.
Raj: I wonder if he’s listening to our music right now.
Howard: Could you imagine? What a cool way for us to meet. He’s playing our song and looks up, and there we are, his favorite two-piece acoustic sci-fi novelty rock band.
Raj: And he’s, all, like, aren’t you the guys from Footprints on the Moo-oo-ooh what is he doing?!
Howard: I can’t watch.
Raj: It’s okay. Oh, it’s okay. He’s done.
Howard: Why is he looking at it?
Raj: Eh, no, he’s not going to eat it, is he?
Howard: Come on, Trent, you’re better than th-ah.
Raj: Ooh!
Howard: Let’s just go.
Trent: Hey, aren’t you the guys?
Howard: Nope.
Raj: No, never heard of ’em!
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is listening to Darlin’
Sheldon: I wonder why it was this particular song that was stuck in my head.
Leonard: I don’t know. It’s pretty catchy.
Penny: Do you even like the Beach Boys?
Sheldon: They have beach right in the name. What do you think?
Leonard: Well, now that you can focus again, what do you say we get back to surface tension of domain walls?
Sheldon: Of course. I’m already seeing a more efficient way of taming the ultravi… I know why the song was in my head.
Penny: Why?
Sheldon: It’s about Amy.
Penny: Okay, look, I know Amy’s like an old lady, but she’s not old enough to have a song from the sixties written about her.
Sheldon: It’s about how she made my life better. Consider the lyrics. I was living like half a man. Then I couldn’t love, but now I can. More soul than I ever had. I love the way you soften my life.”
Penny: She did soften your life, didn’t she?
Sheldon: Yes. She’s like the dryer sheets of my heart. I have to go.
Leonard: Aw. Am I like the dryer sheets of your heart?
Penny: Better. You’re the lint trap of my love.
Leonard: Aw.
Scene: Amy’s apartment.
Amy: That’s an interesting tie clip.
Dave: Oh, thanks. It’s, uh, Avogadro’s constant. It’s useful for calculating the number of atoms in a substance, or causing regret in anyone who asks about it.
Amy: No, I, I think it’s neat. Oh.
Dave: Sorry. Sorry. No one’s ever liked the tie clip before, so I just lost all control.
Amy: No, it, it’s okay, and we are on a date. I’m, I’m just a little nervous.
Dave: Well, no need to be nervous with me. I’m just a harmless giant from a foreign land.
Amy: You know, I’m just being silly. I, I don’t know what I’m waiting for.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy?
Amy: That’s Sheldon.
Dave: You’re kidding. How’s my hair?
Amy: Sheldon, this, this isn’t a good time.
Sheldon: I don’t care. Amy, there was a song I couldn’t get out of my head. Eventually, I realized the song was about you, and like that earworm, I can’t get you out of my heart. So, what I’m trying to say is, you’re my heartworm. The metaphorical kind, not, not the poodle-killing kind.
Amy: What?
Dave: If I may, I believe what he’s saying, in a charming and delightful way, is that he loves you and wants you back. Dave Gibbs, huge fan of your work. Don’t mind me.
Sheldon: I’m, I’m sorry; I didn’t realize you were on a date.
Amy: No, it, it, it’s okay. Keep going?
Sheldon: Amy, if you want to be my girlfriend again, I really want to be your boyfriend.
Amy: I really want that, too.
Sheldon: Good. Because I love you.
Amy: I love you, too.
Dave: Kiss her, you brilliant fool.
Sheldon: Well, I’ll let you get back to your date.
Amy: Get back here.
Dave: Okay, then. I’ll, uh, see myself out. Amy, thank you for dinner. Dr. Cooper, pleasure to meet you, sir. Uh, if perhaps sometime you have a spare moment, I’d, uh, love to discuss physics, or shoot the breeze, as you Yanks say. Ah. What a lovely evening.
 								
			
				Caption: A short time ago in an apartment in Pasadena….
Caption: THE BIG BANG THEORY
Caption: EPISODE 194 
Caption: THE OPENING NIGHT EXCITATION
Caption: It is a period of great tension. Our heroes, Leonard, Sheldon, Wolowitz and Koothrappali know that tickets to the new Star Wars movie are about to be available for pre-sale. 
Caption: If they fail in their mission and can’t see it on opening night Sheldon has sworn that they will never hear the end of it for the rest of their lives…
Caption: They believe him.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Guys, tickets already went on sale.
Sheldon: What?
Howard: They’re not supposed to be available yet.
Leonard: I don’t know what to tell you, but they’re on sale.
Raj: Wait. You’re sure they’re Star Wars tickets?
Leonard: No, it’s Steel Magnolias 2: Even Steelier.
Sheldon: The Web site’s frozen. I can’t get in.
Leonard: Yeah, me, too.
Howard: Same here!
Raj: Guys, they’re gonna sell out.
Howard: What are we gonna do?!
Sheldon: All right, this goes against everything I stand for, but desperate times call for desperate measures. Lord, this is Sheldon Cooper. You’re good friends with my mom. I know I’ve spent my life denying that you exist.
Howard: Got ’em.
Sheldon: And I will continue to do so!
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: I’m really happy you and Amy are back together.
Sheldon: Oh, thank you.
Leonard: I’m also really happy, but I can’t pretend it’s for you. New Star Wars in three days.
Sheldon: Hey, Thursday can’t get here soon enough. I’m taking off work to watch the original trilogy while I eat enough Star Wars cereal to choke a Wookiee.
Penny: Uh, sweetie, you do realize Thursday is Amy’s birthday.
Sheldon: And you do realize I bought my ticket when Amy and I were broken up? I hope you didn’t need anything in that case, ’cause it’s closed.
Penny: You guys just got back together. You might not want to ditch her on her birthday.
Leonard: I think Penny has a point. You can see it another day.
Sheldon: But someone might spoil the movie. No one can spoil Amy’s birthday for me. Surprise, she’s even older. Who saw that coming?
Penny: Aw, that’s nice. Put that on her cake.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Arthur: Oh, great. This again.
Sheldon: Arthur, what brings you back?
Arthur: Uh, beats me. I, I just hope this isn’t a, a sex dream.
Sheldon: In the past, you’ve come to me when I’m struggling with a dilemma.
Arthur: And, and the one time where, where you were afraid, and you needed me for, for a night light. What’s, what’s troubling you?
Sheldon: Well, my friends are telling me I shouldn’t abandon my girlfriend on her birthday to see the new Star Wars movie.
Arthur: Well, sounds right. Can, can I get out of this muumuu now?
Sheldon: Those are the robes of the Jedi, the guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy.
Arthur: And they, they, they don’t wear underwear.
Sheldon: So, you agree with my friends that I should skip the premiere?
Arthur: Uh, do, do you love this girl?
Sheldon: Yes. But she knows how important Star Wars is to me.
Arthur: Well, maybe you should show her how, how important she is to you.
Sheldon: By seeing the movie she’d want me to see?
Arthur: Sheldon, you, you can see this movie whenever you want. But you only have a limited number of days that you, you can be with this woman. Be with her.
Sheldon: You’re right.
Arthur: Great.
Sheldon: Where are you going?
Arthur: I don’t know, but hopefully, somewhere I can wear pants.
Scene: Amy’s bedroom. 
Amy (answering phone): Sheldon, what’s wrong?
Sheldon: I wanted to let you know I’ll be spending your birthday with you.
Amy: Okay.
Sheldon: See, I, I had tickets to the Star Wars premiere that night, but Professor Proton came to me in a dream dressed as Obi-Wan Kenobi and convinced me I should be with you.
Amy: Obi-what?
Sheldon: I’ll, I’ll let you get back to sleep now. Good night.
Amy: Okay. Good night. Wait. Um, Sheldon, were you actually not gonna spend my birthday with me?
Sheldon: It’s late. Got to go. Bye.
Scene: The apartment. 
Raj: Good for Sheldon deciding to stay with Amy on her birthday.
Leonard: I know. It’s still gonna be weird to see the movie without him.
Howard: Well, we could wait a couple days and see it together. (all laugh) 
Sheldon: Hello.
Leonard: Hey. We’re going to the comic book store. You want to come?
Sheldon: No, I can’t. I need to make preparations for Amy’s birthday. Which leads me to the following bit of business. This is my ticket to Star Wars. I don’t have to tell you it is worth far more than its face value of fifteen dollars and fifty cents. I trust you’ll give it to someone worthy.
Leonard: You got it. Well, Penny might want to join us.
Sheldon (to Howard): This is my ticket to Star Wars….
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Bernadette: What happens if I say, come in?
Penny: Well, find out.
Bernadette: Come in.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Bernadette. (Knock, knock, knock) Bernadette. (Knock, knock, knock) Bernadette.
Penny: Come in.
Sheldon: Keep it up. I got nowhere else to be.
Bernadette: Just come in.
Sheldon: For future reference, if I want to watch Mean Girls, I’ll stream it on Netflix.
Penny: We’re sorry. What do you need?
Sheldon: Well, as you know, I’ll be celebrating Amy’s birthday with her, and I could use your assistance in helping me select the perfect gift.
Bernadette: Sure.
Sheldon: Well, so far, I’ve come up with three ideas. The first is a chance for her to play the harp with the L.A. Philharmonic.
Penny: Wow. You can really arrange that?
Sheldon: Well, I said a chance, you know. When you tell them it’s your birthday at Bennigan’s, they make a fuss. I don’t see why the Philharmonic would be any different.
Bernadette: How about something a little more realistic?
Sheldon: Well, Amy enjoys knitting her own sweaters, so I was thinking of getting her an all-expense-paid trip to the Wisconsin Sheep and Wool Festival.
Penny: Sorry. I was waiting for the bazinga.
Bernadette: Hold on. It could be romantic. The two of them away together, keeping each other warm in snowy Wisconsin.
Sheldon: No, no, no, no. She’d be going alone. Well, if you think I’m afraid of birds, you should see me around sheep.
Penny: Okay, well, what’s the third option?
Sheldon: That I have coitus with her.
Scene: The comic book store. 
Leonard: What do you think about giving Sheldon’s ticket to Stuart?
Raj: I don’t know. Have you ever seen a movie with Stuart before?
Howard: It’s like going with your grandpa. Instead of eating popcorn, he brings little pieces of chicken in Tupperware and a thermos full of soup.
Leonard: He’s not that bad. Hey, Stuart, got any plans Thursday night?
Stuart: My, uh, my doctor’s worried about my circulation, so I was thinking about walking around the mall. Why?
Leonard: Well…
Wil Wheaton: Hey, you guys.
Howard: Oh, make sure to wear sensible shoes. Wil, want to go to Star Wars Thursday?
Wil: Absolutely.
Stuart: Fine, take Wil. See if he brings you clam chowder.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. 
Penny: Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Let’s, let’s, let’s just recap our options. All right, we’ve got harp thing, sheep thing.
Bernadette: Wild thang.
Sheldon: Which do you think she’d prefer? Because I checked the Sheep and Wool Festival Web site, and there’s only 8,000 tickets left.
Penny: Sheldon, being physical with Amy is a huge step for you.
Bernadette: Yeah, are you ready for this?
Sheldon: Intimacy in any form has been challenging for me, but I’d like to show her how important she is, and it feels like now might be the right time.
Penny: Sheldon, that’s so beautiful.
Sheldon: Then it’s settled. Amy’s birthday present will be my genitals.
Scene: The stairwell. 
Amy: Thanks for taking me out.
Penny: Well, you’re spending your birthday with Sheldon. Why not celebrate early?
Bernadette: So where do you want to go?
Amy: I heard that new Mexican place on Green Street is good.
Penny: Sure, sure. Or we could take you to get a bikini wax.
Amy: Why would I get a bikini wax for my birthday?
Penny: Uh, I don’t know. It was just a thought.
Amy: I think I’ll just stick to Mexican.
Bernadette: Great. And then maybe after, we can watch a dirty movie, and if anybody has any questions about what happened or how, we can answer them.
Amy: Okay, what is going on?
Penny: Oh, we just want you to be prepared for any surprises that might happen tomorrow.
Amy: What surprises?
Bernadette: We don’t want to spoil anything, but you should know that Sheldon said he’s ready to be physical.
Amy: You shut your damn mouth. You actually heard him say this?
Penny: Yes. He said he wants to do something to show you how much you mean to him.
Amy: I, I can’t believe it. I, I don’t know what to say.
Bernadette: Well, we’re really happy for you, and we know how much he cares…
Amy: I do know what to say. Let’s get me waxed.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Arthur: Why isn’t it ever Angie Dickinson’s bedroom?
Sheldon: You’re back.
Arthur: It, it doesn’t seem like it’s up to me.
Sheldon: I suppose you’re here because I’ve decided to be physical with my girlfriend, and I’ve never done that before.
Arthur: Eh, excuse me for a moment. Well, it was worth a shot.
Sheldon: So, can you help me?
Arthur: Uh, all right. Um, once, once the man gets the, the woman out of her, out of her bloomers…
Sheldon: Oh, no. Not that. I, I understand the mechanics.
Arthur: Oh, good, good. ‘Cause, uh, I have no idea what kids these days are calling their, their parts.
Sheldon: I think they say junk.
Arthur: What is happening to this world? What, what do you actually need to know?
Sheldon: This is an important night for us, and I’m worried I might be overwhelmed and ruin everything.
Arthur: Sheldon, if, if you’re with the right person, it, it’ll be okay.
Sheldon: Thank you, Arthur. You are the wisest of the wise.
Arthur: Well, that’s, that’s very nice of you to say, but I think I’m just an expression of, of your unconscious mind.
Sheldon: Oh, sure. Well, you’re fun to look at.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Tonight’s the night.
Leonard: Yeah, the wait is finally over.
Penny: I know. Then you’ll finally stop talking about it.
Howard: Ready to go?
Raj: Let’s do this.
Penny: Have fun, guys.
Leonard: We will.
Raj: I can’t believe Sheldon gave this up.
Howard: I know.
Leonard: We’re gonna have so much more fun than him.
Bernadette: No, they’re not.
Penny: Knowing them, they will.
Scene: The cinema.
Howard: T minus 15 minutes.
Raj: Oh, did you hear from Wil?
Leonard: Yeah, he’s on his way. Time for bladder check.
Raj: Check.
Leonard: Check.
Howard: Check. Wait. Screw it. I’m holding it.
Raj: What is everyone booing at?
Wil: Hey, guys. What’s up?
Leonard: Um, hey, Wil. What you doin’?
Wil: I was on Star Trek. Just rooting for the home team.
Man: Star Trek stinks!
Wil: Yeah? Live long and suck it.
Scene: Amy’s apartment. 
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Birthday girl. (Knock, knock, knock) Birthday girl. (Knock, knock, knock) Birthday girl.
Amy: Come in.
Sheldon: Oh.
Amy: Hi, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hello. Sorry I’m late. I also got you a balloon, but it floated away, and I chased it for a while.
Amy: That’s okay. Come on in. Thank you. Um, I’ll, I’m gonna go put these in water.
Sheldon: Okay. Ooh, this is different, hmm? Candles and music.
Amy: Do you like it?
Sheldon: It’s kind of spooky.
Amy: I can change it back.
Sheldon: No, no, no. It’s your birthday. As long as no one jumps out in a hockey mask, I’ll be fine.
Amy: So, what’d you have in mind for tonight?
Sheldon: I thought I could take you out to a nice birthday dinner. If we pick a place east of here, we might find the balloon.
Amy: Um, that sounds nice, but I’m not really hungry right now. I thought maybe we could do presents first.
Sheldon: Oh. All right. Um. I should probably tell you something about this gift.
Amy: You mean before you give it to me?
Sheldon: Yes. May I ask you a question before I give it to you?
Amy: Of course.
Sheldon: Why are we saying give it to you like that?
Amy: Sheldon, I know your present is for us to be intimate tonight.
Sheldon: I see. Is that all right? I’m sorry, but this is a litigious society. I’m gonna need verbal consent.
Amy: Yes.
Sheldon: You know what, let me pull a quick contract off the Internet.
Scene: The cinema. 
Leonard: So, if you don’t like Star Wars, why are you here?
Wil: Oh, I’m just having fun. Everyone takes Star Wars so seriously. Like if the movie’s bad, it’s gonna ruin their lives.
Raj: Is it bad? Did you hear something? Oh, my God. It’s bad. Somebody kill me.
Wil: See? That’s what I mean. When you wake up in the morning, whether this is the greatest movie ever or a total piece of crap, your life isn’t gonna change at all.
Howard: He’s right.
Leonard: Yeah. No matter what happens, we’re coming back tomorrow to watch it again.
Scene: The apartment.
Bernadette: Do you think Sheldon’s actually gonna go through with it?
Penny: I don’t know. He said he’s ready.
Bernadette: Yeah, but he also swore this was the year he’d be able to pull the guts out of a pumpkin.
Penny: Well, I’m gonna stay positive. I mean, we talked, I told him what women like, and after he stopped giggling, he seemed pretty sure of himself.
Scene: Amy’s bedroom.
Amy: Hi.
Sheldon: Hello.
Amy: So, um, should I get under the covers with you?
Sheldon: All right. Hello.
Amy: Hi.
Sheldon: Why are you shaking? Are you cold?
Amy: I’m just, um, really nervous.
Sheldon: Why?
Amy: Well, I’ve been waiting for this for so long, I’ve just built it up in my head. I don’t know what to expect.
Sheldon: Neither do I. But we can find out together.
Amy: Okay.
Scene: The cinema. 
Leonard: I’m really nervous.
Howard: I know. We’ve been waiting so long for this.
Raj: And we’ve built it up in our heads so much.
Wil: Guys, it’s just a movie.
Leonard: That’s true.
Howard: He’s right.
Raj: It is.
Wil: Although, we all remember Jar Jar.
Raj: Leonard, I, I’m scared again.
Caption: A few hours later, in a bedroom not far away….
Sheldon: Well, I enjoyed that more than I thought I would.
Amy: Me, too.
Sheldon: I look forward to your next birthday when we do it again.
Amy: That works for me.
Scene: The cinema.
Wil: I enjoyed that more than I thought I would.
Raj: I don’t think I can walk right now.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Arthur: Uh, Sheldon? Sheldon?
Sheldon: Arthur. What are you doing here? I, I don’t think I need any more advice.
Arthur: I, I was just curious. How, how’d it go?
Sheldon: Oh. It was amazing. I, I saw it a few days later. What a movie.
Arthur: But, uh, what, what about Amy?
Sheldon: Oh. Uh, uh, she liked it fine. But she doesn’t have the history with the franchise I do.
Arthur: Okay. Good, good talk.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: I’m glad to see you made it safely. How’s your hotel?
Amy (on Skype): It’s not the best Best Western I’ve been to, but I’d say it’s the third best Best Western I’ve been to.
Sheldon: I know how you feel. The Best Buy by my house is only the third best Best Buy. They have the best buys, but having the best buys isn’t the only thing that makes a Best Buy the best Best Buy.
Amy: What makes a best Best Buy the best Best Buy?
Sheldon: Mm, that’s a great question. I like when they’re next to a Chipotle.
Amy: Okay, well, I should unpack.
Sheldon: All right. Enjoy the neurobiology conference.
Amy: I will. I wish you were here.
Sheldon: At a neurobiology conference? What a mean thing to say.
Amy: Okay, I’m glad you’re not here?
Sheldon: Aw, you always know just what to say after I tell you what to say.
Amy: Good-bye, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Bye. Oh, good news, gentlemen. Amy’s at a conference this weekend, which means I’m available to be entertained, hmm. As today’s youth might put it, who wants to get their Sheld-on?
Howard: Bernie and I are getting the house ready for the remodel. We could always use an extra pair of hands.
Sheldon: That sounds awful. Raj?
Raj: Uh, I’ve got time booked in the telescope room all weekend scanning for rogue planets. You’re more than welcome to join me.
Sheldon: That’s the one to beat. Leonard?
Leonard: Oh, if anything, I’m trying to get my Sheld-off.
Sheldon: Well, then it looks like we have a winner. Congratulations.
Raj: Well, I should warn you, it’s just looking at data for hours and hours on a computer screen.
Sheldon: Uh, stop selling it, kid. You won.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Hey.
Leonard: Hey.
Raj: Hello.
Howard: Hi.
Leonard: How was your day?
Penny: Oh, not good. Still couldn’t get in to see Dr. Gallo.
Sheldon: A doctor? Well, I hope you’re not contagious. I’ve got a weekend in the telescope room I’ve been excited about for almost three minutes.
Penny: I’m not sick. It’s for work. There’s this doctor who refuses to see any sales reps. I’ve been trying to get in for months.
Leonard: Well, did you try wearing the shirt I said was inappropriate for work?
Penny: Well, the doctor’s a woman, but yes, because you never know.
Howard: What kind of doctor is she?
Penny: Um, a psychiatrist. Why?
Howard: Well, what if you make an appointment as a patient? Then you’ll get to talk to her.
Penny: Yeah, they already know I’m a pharmaceutical sales rep.
Raj: Oh. What if Leonard made an appointment and tried to lay some groundwork for you?
Penny: That’s interesting.
Leonard: I’m not gonna make a fake appointment with a psychiatrist. What would I say is wrong with me?
Raj: Low self-esteem.
Howard: Social anxiety.
Sheldon: Sexual insecurity.
Leonard: None of that is true.
Penny: Uh, denial. See, sweetie, the list goes on and on.
Leonard: That’s just crazy. How would my going in there even help you?
Penny: I don’t know. You could talk to her, and maybe if it comes up, you could ask if she’s heard about the drug.
Leonard: What if I get caught?
Howard: Fear of failure.
Raj: Lack of confidence.
Sheldon: Kind of a wuss.
Leonard: Fine, I’ll do it. But not because of them, because I love you.
Penny: Thank you.
Raj: Pushover.
Howard: Spineless.
Sheldon: Still hasn’t bought milk even though I told him two days ago.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s bedroom.
Howard: That was incredible.
Bernadette: It was. I just wish Stuart wasn’t around so we didn’t have to be so quiet.
Howard: I know. It’s not like he returns the favour when he watches his Japanese porn cartoons.
Stuart (knocking): You guys got a minute, or are you still cuddling?
Howard: What is it, Stuart?
Stuart: Can I come in?
Howard: Hang on. Should I send him away?
Bernadette: No, it’s okay.
Stuart: Thanks, Bernie.
Howard: What’s up?
Stuart: Uh, well, I know the remodel is coming up, so I thought I’d make it easy on you guys and find my own place.
Howard: Wow. I thought I was done getting lucky tonight.
Bernadette: So, when are you thinking of moving?
Stuart: Uh, actually, I already found an apartment, so in a couple of days.
Bernadette: Oh. Okay. Sorry to see you go?
Stuart: Okay, well, thank you guys for everything. I, I really appreciate it.
Bernadette: : You’re very welcome.
Stuart: Hmm.
Howard: What?
Stuart: Hmm, I just have never been in this room while you’re awake.
Scene: The telescope room.
Sheldon: What are you doing?
Raj: Uh, making sure the telescope’s camera is white-field balanced.
Sheldon: Hmm. What are you doing now?
Raj: Still making sure the telescope’s camera is white-field balanced.
Sheldon: Oh, I see. How about now?
Raj: Now I’m making sure the telescope’s camera is white-field balanced and wishing you had a colouring book.
Sheldon: Well, I can be helpful. Give me something to do. You know, my father took me to work once, and in ten minutes I figured out who’d been stealing from the cash register. It was my father. Yeah, Dad lost his job, but Mr. Hinckley gave me a Fudgsicle.
Raj: Fine, you want something to do? There’s about six months of data on this hard drive. Why don’t you go through it and see if you can spot any patterns or anomalies.
Sheldon: Yep, I’m on it. Hey, look at that, an Indian guy outsourcing a computer job to a white fella.
Raj: Yeah, okay, whatever it takes to keep you busy for a few hours.
Sheldon: Found one.
Raj: No, you didn’t. There are millions of data points there.
Sheldon: But, look, an optical transient.
Raj: Yeah, maybe that is something. How did you find that?
Sheldon: It wasn’t difficult. You know how when you see prime numbers, they appear red, but when they’re twin primes, they’re pink and smell like gasoline?
Raj: No.
Sheldon: Oh. I guess I’m a special boy. You know, sometimes when a boy is special, he gets a Fudgsicle. Which, by the way, tastes like the speed of light.
Scene: Dr Gallo’s office.
Leonard: Thank you for seeing me on such short notice.
Dr Gallo: Ah, it’s my pleasure. I’m curious, are you related to Dr. Beverly Hofstadter?
Leonard: Uh, she’s my mother. You know her?
Dr Gallo: No, not personally, but I have read all of her books.
Leonard: Well, then you know her better than I do.
Dr Gallo: Well, I’m not so sure about that. But I can tell you I do not agree with her theories on child rearing at all.
Leonard: Really? Any chance you find them cold, cruel and unsuitable for innocent little boys who just want to be happy?
Dr Gallo: Well, I didn’t want to say it.
Leonard: No, no, say it. Sing it. Rent a plane, write it in the sky.
Dr Gallo: Sounds like you’re holding on to quite a bit of anger towards her.
Leonard: Oh, no, I, I’ve worked through a lot of that stuff, I’m better now.
Dr Gallo: Mm. Good for you.
Leonard: Do you know she never let me celebrate my birthday because being born was her achievement, not mine?
Dr Gallo: That’s heartbreaking.
Leonard: Right? To this day, I send her a card every year with a little money in it.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Howard: You know, once we get the house back to ourselves, we can be romantic in any room we want.
Bernadette: Great. I can finally show you where the laundry room is.
Stuart: Boy, who would’ve thought when you asked me to move in and help take care of your mom, I’d still be here two years later?
Howard: No one.
Bernadette: Nobody thought that.
Stuart: Well, that’s it.
Bernadette: I guess so.
Stuart: This is weird.
Howard: Yeah. A grown man moving into his own apartment. Crazy times. See ya.
Bernadette: Ignore him. He’s just using humour to express how happy he is.
Stuart: It’s okay. I know he loves me.
Bernadette: Sure he does. Well, let us know when you’re all settled in.
Stuart: I will. And I really can’t thank you guys enough.
Bernadette: Our pleasure.
Stuart: Bye.
Bernadette: Goodbye.
Howard: He’s gone. Let’s start in the garage.
Scene: The telescope room.
Raj: Okay, so once we receive the next image and compare it to the ones we’ve already collected, we’ll know what it is that we found.
Sheldon: Ooh, perhaps it’s a Heliosheath scintillation.
Raj: It could be a trans-Neptunian object.
Sheldon: Maybe it’s a new planet.
Raj: Unlikely, but it could be a dwarf planet.
Sheldon: Well, as long as it has a healthy gravity and all its moons, I’ll be happy.
Raj: Okay, the final image is coming in. And the object we discovered is…
Sheldon: Come on, Daddy needs a livable planet he can rule with an iron fist.
Raj: A medium-sized asteroid.
Sheldon: That’s it? How common. That’s the chicken fingers on the menu of space.
Raj: I kind of like chicken fingers.
Sheldon: Yeah, me, too. I was stuck for a metaphor.
Raj: Come on, a medium-sized asteroid is still an interesting discovery.
Sheldon: I suppose it could end up on a collision course with Earth and destroy life as we know it.
Raj: You dream different than me.
Sheldon: It is kind of cute.
Raj: Yeah, it is. And you know we get to name it.
Sheldon: We better choose a name no one can make fun of. Sir Frederick William Herschel didn’t do Uranus any favours.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Hi.
Penny: Hey, how’d it go?
Leonard: Oh, great. Dr. Gallo is terrific. You know, I, I’ve always been insecure that no one cares about what I have to say, but she made me see…
Penny: Yeah, no one cares. Did you help me out or not?
Leonard: Okay, now, what I’m hearing is that you feel that I sometimes take too long to express myself, and you wish I’d be more succinct.
Penny: You’re only hearing that because I cannot roll my eyes any louder.
Leonard: All right, well, after we talked about my issues with my mother, nothing too deep, just how she ruined my life, I told her about you and your drug. She said she’d be happy to meet you.
Penny: Really? Oh, you’re the best husband ever.
Leonard: So you’ll go to the Doctor Who convention with me next week?
Penny: I guess.
Leonard: Oh, I actually did hear your eyes roll that time.
Scene: Stuarts former bedroom in Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Bernadette: Boy, when was the last time Stuart cleaned this place?
Howard: No kidding. Oh, okay, I’m about to suck something up. What do you think this object sounds like?
Bernadette: Howie, I don’t want to play Lego, Toenail or Pill anymore. So, what do you think we should do with this room?
Howard: Well, I was thinking a home theatre or a gaming room, you know, like a man cave.
Bernadette: Why can’t it be a woman cave?
Howard: As long as it has a home theatre, a video game system and you’re not allowed in it, you can call it whatever you want.
Bernadette: I’m being serious.
Howard: Well, what do you think we should do?
Bernadette: I don’t know, maybe a home office or, oh look. The teddy bear Stuart won the night we took him to the fair.
Howard: Oh. He was so excited.
Bernadette: Yeah. You know, no matter how hard they tried, they could not guess his age.
Howard: I’ll give it to him next time I see him.
Bernadette: Have you heard from him since he left?
Howard: No. You’d think he would’ve called once he got settled in.
Bernadette: Hmm. Maybe he’s busy.
Howard: Too busy to call? He wasn’t too busy to binge-watch Hot in Cleveland with my Hulu password. What is happening? Are we missing him?
Bernadette: No, that’s not what this feeling is. Is it?
Howard: Of course not. He drove us crazy. Like when you were gonna make that pie and Stuart ate all the blueberries.
Bernadette: And he tried to deny it, but his teeth were all purple.
Howard: That was pretty cute.
Bernadette: Yeah. Ew, we are missing him!
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: So I was thinking, maybe we can come up with a name for the asteroid by combining our names.
Sheldon: That’s a great idea. I’ve got it. We’ll call it Cooper.
Raj: How is that both our names?
Sheldon: Koo from Koothrappali and per from Cooper.
Raj: Yeah, s-so it’s, like, Kooper with a K?
Sheldon: Nah, you’re right, that’s dumb.
Leonard: Hey.
Sheldon: Oh, Leonard, great news. We discovered a medium-sized asteroid together.
Leonard: Wow, that’s amazing. I’m in a pretty great mood today myself.
Sheldon: Okay. Guess we’re gonna talk about you now.
Leonard: Well, we are, because Dr. Gallo made me realize that I’m a worthwhile person and that my feelings matter.
Raj: I learned that for free from a cat poster, but good for you.
Sheldon: Okay, back to me. I discovered an asteroid, and now I get to name it.
Raj: Wait, what happened to us?
Sheldon: Now, this isn’t about us, this is about what’s best for the asteroid.
Leonard: Well, what are you thinking of naming it?
Sheldon: I haven’t settled on anything yet.
Raj: We haven’t settled on anything yet.
Sheldon: All right, way to go, Cat Poster. You hang in there.
Leonard: You know what’d be nice? Name it after your girlfriends. Show them how much you care.
Raj: That is a great idea.
Sheldon: It’s perfect. It appears romantic, but it’s really just a rock in space that gets me out of Valentine’s Day forever.
Raj: So, uh, what were you thinking? Combine their names?
Sheldon: I like it. Yeah, we’ll take the A-M from Amy and, uh, the Y from Emily.
Raj: That’s just Amy.
Sheldon: Exactly. See how well we work together?
Scene Dr Gallo’s office. 
Penny: And in double-blind studies, Placinex proved extremely effective in treating all kinds of anxiety. Actually, funny story, the boys in the lab were worried about getting FDA approval for Placinex. They started taking it, stopped worrying.
Dr Gallo: Got it.
Penny: Uh, do you have any questions?
Dr Gallo: Just one.
Penny: Mm-hmm?
Dr Gallo: When you made your husband pretend to be a patient so you could get access to me, what were you thinking there?
Penny: I just meant a question about the drug.
Dr Gallo: Yeah, I know what you meant. Let’s put that aside for a minute and talk about why you married Leonard.
Penny: I don’t wanna.
Dr Gallo: Here is a man raised by an overbearing woman who completely dominated every aspect of his formative years. Do you think he’s perpetuating that relationship by seeking out a partner like you?
Penny: You know, I used to wear tank tops a lot. That was a big selling point.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy (on Skype): Hi, Sheldon. What’s up?
Sheldon: Good news. You’re an asteroid.
Amy: Uh, please tell me what to say next.
Sheldon: Perhaps I should explain. While working with Koothrappali, we discovered an asteroid, and I named it after you.
Amy: Oh. Sheldon, thank you. That’s so romantic. But what about Rajesh? He was okay with you choosing the name?
Sheldon: Well, it took a little negotiating, but I wore him down. Uh, we get the asteroid, and if you and I have children, they all have to be named Rajesh.
Amy: All of them?
Sheldon: Even the girls.
Amy: Okay, I think I know what to say now.
Scene: Dr Gallo’s office. 
Penny: How can I not sound like his mother when our entire bedroom is filled with Star Wars toys? I mean, have you ever had sex with a stuffed Wookiee watching you?
Dr Gallo: I went to college in the ’70s. It was a hairier time. I’m gonna say yes.
Penny: You know, if anything, he’s turning me into his mother. Before I did pharmaceutical sales, I was an actress. You know, I was pretty good. You know, girl-next-door type, but hot. Doable.
Dr Gallo: Hmm.
Penny: And not only am I Leonard’s mother, but we have this man-child living with us named Sheldon.
Dr Gallo: Oh, Leonard talked a lot about him. I wasn’t sure if he was real.
Penny: Yeah, he’s as real as the fine I get when I use too much toilet paper.
Dr Gallo: Wow, you really do have a lot on your plate.
Penny: I do. You know, Leonard’s right. Talking to you is really helping.
Dr Gallo: Oh, I’m glad. You know, you might also benefit from a prescription for anxiety.
Penny: Okay, if you think it’ll help. Oh, just don’t make it Placinex. I do not need sudden fits of homicidal rage.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy (on Skype): I miss you.
Sheldon: I miss you as well.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Howard: I can’t believe I miss Stuart.
Scene: Dr Gallo’s office.
Penny: I guess I just miss when life was simpler.
Scene: A street. Leonard is skipping ropes with some young girls. 
Girls: Go, Leonard! Go, Leonard! Go, Leonard! Go, Leonard!
Leonard: Remember, girls, you decide what makes you happy, not your emotionally withholding mothers.
Girls: Go, Leonard! Go, Leonard! Go, Leonard! Go, Leonard! Go, Leonard!
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s bedroom. Howard and Bernadette are asleep.
Stuart: I really miss this.
 
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Hey, so I saw a movie trailer the other day. How could Batman possibly fight Superman? I mean, isn’t that dumb?
Bernadette: Maybe he uses Kryptonite.
Emily: Well, Batman’s got a lot of money. Maybe he builds a suit that can do everything Superman can do.
Penny: No, no, no, no, no. I’ve seen that movie. It’s called Iron Man.
Leonard: What is happening?
Howard: I don’t know.
Raj: But it’s beautiful.
Penny: And now Ben Affleck is Batman?
Emily: Oh, he was great in Shakespeare in Love.
Penny: Ooh, we should watch that next girls’ night.
Bernadette: We could do a double feature with the Leonardo Di Caprio Romeo and Juliet.
Penny: Oh, I love me some Leo.
Leonard: And it’s gone.
Sheldon: Oh, hello, everyone. I am happy to report I’m feeling much better.
Leonard: Good for you.
Sheldon: My fever is gone, my sinuses are pressure-free, and my mucus is as clear as a Yosemite waterfall.
Howard: Glad to hear it.
Sheldon: I’ll be able to return to work tomorrow.
Raj: Yay.
Sheldon: Well, why isn’t everyone happy? Your little ray of sunshine is ready to beam again.
Penny: You really don’t know why?
Sheldon: No. But I knew that his yay was sarcastic. Not bad for a guy whose last bowel movement sounded like rain on a roof.
Leonard: Let me refresh your memory.
Flashback
Sheldon: Penny, rub Vicks on my chest.
Penny: Sheldon, I cooked you breakfast. I made your bed. I checked your mouth for thrush. You can rub your own chest.
Sheldon: Oh, sure, grope every other male on the planet, but draw the line with me.
Flashback
Bernadette: I brought you a little care package from work. It’s our latest antiviral and the best decongestant we make.
Sheldon: I hope laughter is the best medicine, ’cause this care package is a joke.
Howard: Hey, she came all the way here…
Bernadette: You’re gonna want to take these with food.
Flashback
Raj: Sheldon, stop being a baby and let Emily take a look at you.
Sheldon: She’s a dermatologist.
Emily: I went to medical school.
Sheldon: Well, in that case, try removing the irritating patch of brown skin standing next to you.
Flashback
Leonard: All right, here you go.
Sheldon: Leonard, I’m dying.
Leonard: You’re not dying. It’s just the flu.
Sheldon: I asked for chicken noodle. This is chicken and stars. It’s killing me.
Back to the present.
Sheldon: I never did get that chicken noodle, did I?
Credits sequence.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Amy (on Skype): Hi, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hello.
Amy: Are you feeling any better?
Sheldon: Physically, yes, but I’m upset because everyone’s mad at me for no good reason.
Amy: Why don’t you tell me what happened, and in a gentle, loving way, I’ll explain to you why you’re wrong.
Sheldon: You know how, when you’re sick, you’re allowed to be cranky and say whatever you want and other people’s feelings don’t matter?
Amy: Ooh. Gentle and loving, this is gonna be tricky.
Sheldon: I had a hundred and one fever. If that’s not a time to verbally abuse my loved ones, when is?
Amy: Sheldon, when you’re sick, you can be unbearable. That’s why your friends have been known to work late or sneak out to the movies or stay at a neurobiology conference three days after it’s ended.
Sheldon: You stayed in Michigan all week to avoid being around me?
Amy: No, no, not just that. I mean, Detroit is beautiful when it’s sleeting.
Sheldon: You know, I’m not the only one who’s unpleasant when they’re sick. When Penny got food poisoning, she threw up so loudly I could barely hear the television.
Amy: Ooh, I just heard something. Might be hail, might be gunfire. Either way, I’m gonna go take pictures. Bye.
Scene: The comic book store.
Raj: Hey, Stuart.
Stuart: Hey. Where’s Sheldon? Still sick?
Leonard: No, he’s fine. We just needed a little break.
Stuart: Yeah, I get that. When I brought him his comics the other day he said, oh great, death is literally at my door.
Howard: He was being a jerk to everyone. Don’t take it personally.
Stuart: Oh, I’m on so many antidepressants, I couldn’t if I wanted to.
Raj: I wish we could do more stuff without Sheldon.
Leonard: I wish that all the time. Usually before I blow out birthday candles.
Howard: You know, Amy took some time off from him. Really improved their relationship.
Raj: Huh. Okay. As long as it doesn’t end with us having coitus with him, I’m in.
Howard: We should all take a trip or something.
Leonard: Well, you know, Penny and I have been talking about taking a weekend in Vegas. Maybe we should all go.
Howard: Bernie would love that.
Raj: Oh, Ooh, maybe we could get one of those party buses to take us there.
Leonard: That sounds really fun.
Raj: Yeah, that sounds fun. A party-bus party don’t stop. Ooh, when I say party, you say bus.
Leonard: No.
Howard: No.
Leonard: No.
Howard: No.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: So, the guys and I were talking about renting a party bus and everyone going to Vegas.
Penny: Oh, that could be fun. But just to be clear, you mean a party bus with booze and music, right, not, like, juice boxes and video games?
Leonard: Yes. And Howard’s birthday was a drop-off party, you didn’t have to stay.
Penny: Well, I’m in. When are we going?
Leonard: This weekend.
Sheldon: Oh, where are we going?
Leonard: Well, Vegas, but…
Sheldon: Ugh, Atlantic City without the taffy? No, thank you.
Leonard: That’s fine, ’cause actually you’re not invited.
Sheldon: Well, now, well, that’s hurtful.
Penny: Oh, Sheldon, you don’t even like it there.
Sheldon: I can consider a place America’s urinal cake and still enjoy the occasional visit.
Leonard: Not this time.
Sheldon: Oh, fine. Then I’ll just hang out with Wolowitz.
Leonard: He’s coming, too.
Sheldon: Well, then Raj and I will…
Leonard: Nope.
Sheldon: Very well. Stuart.
Leonard: Oh, great. Do that.
Sheldon: Ugh. Stuart.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom. 
Amy (on Skype): Hi, Sheldon. What’s new?
Sheldon: Our friends are jerks, and I’m mad at all of them.
Amy: I said what’s new, but sure.
Sheldon: Can you believe they planned a trip to Las Vegas and didn’t invite me?
Amy: Did you refuse to apologize and act like they were stupid for being mad?
Sheldon: You know, I liked it better when there was still a little mystery left in our relationship.
Amy: Everyone tried to take care of you, and you were nothing but mean to them.
Sheldon: I can’t believe you’re not on my side. I was on your side when someone stole your car radio.
Amy: Who else’s side could you have been on?
Sheldon: I don’t know. A music-loving hobo with a heart of gold?
Amy: Sheldon, I understand that you’re upset because you feel left out, but I don’t know why we’re even talking about this. Just apologize to them.
Sheldon: Fine, if that’s what it takes to go on their dumb trip.
Amy: Maybe you could try apologizing because you actually feel bad. It’s called empathy. It’s something you could work on.
Sheldon: I have empathy. Watch. Leonard made me soup, and I was mean to him.
Amy: Great. Now try it as if this isn’t your first day as a person.
Sheldon: Fine. Leonard made me soup, and I was mean to him. Hey, I felt a little something. Let me try again. Leonard made me soup, and I was mean to him. I was mean to him. He must have felt terrible. Oh, now I feel terrible. Neat.
Amy: Glad I could help.
Sheldon: Now let me see you feel bad for lying and staying in Detroit longer than you needed to.
Amy: I feel so, so bad.
Sheldon: Hey, we’re both great at this.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Leonard, get ready for an apology. And with the added twist of an M. Night Shyamalan movie, I’m going to mean it.
Leonard: Ah, so like every other M. Night Shyamalan movie I’ve seen, you spoil it in advance.
Sheldon: Hey, if you didn’t know Bruce Willis was dead the whole time, that’s not on me. Okay. Here it comes. You tried to take care of me when I was sick, and I was mean to you. There’s no excuse for that. And I’m truly sorry.
Leonard: Thank you. I appreciate that.
Sheldon: I want you to know that that is sincere. I do feel bad. I’m not just saying it to be included on your trip.
Leonard: Appreciate that, too.
Sheldon: Terrific. Now all that’s left is for you to invite me to come, me to ask are you sure, you to say absolutely, and then me to bring it home with, how could I say no to that face?
Leonard: You’re still not coming.
Sheldon: What? I apologized and I meant it. I know that we don’t play this game very often, but you’re doing it wrong.
Leonard: Sheldon, I accept your apology, but you upset a lot of people while you were sick. I’m not in a position to just say you can come.
Sheldon: Well, all right. What if I apologize to all of them?
Leonard: Fine, if you apologize to everyone, they all say it’s okay, then yes, you can come.
Sheldon: Challenge accepted. Sounds like it’s time for the Sheldon Cooper Apology Tour.
Leonard: Well, I hope it’s as much fun as the Sheldon Cooper Spell-Checks Local Menus Tour.
Sheldon: My goodness, do you remember comes with apsparagus?
Scene: Howard and Berndette’s house.
Sheldon: Howard and Bernadette, you tried to comfort me when I was ill, and I treated you terribly. I’m sorry.
Howard: Wow. I’m impressed.
Sheldon: No, no, no, wait. I’m not done. Allow me to underscore my sentiment with a haunting rendition of Brenda Lee’s I’m Sorry played on the pan flute.
Howard: Apology accepted.
Bernadette: Forgiven, forgiven.
Sheldon: All right, that’s eight hours of practice down the drain. And to memorialise this occasion, here are your commemorative T-shirts.
Howard: Sheldon Cooper apologized to me
Bernadette: And he made it all better.
Scene: The apartment bathroom.
Sheldon: All you did was offer maternal care and affection, and all you received in return was rude and insensitive behavior.
Penny: Can this wait?
Sheldon: I’m afraid it can’t. The trip is tomorrow. And I have more apologies to make.
Penny: Okay, fine, I accept your apology, now get out.
Sheldon: Wonderful. would you mind holding up this shirt while I take a quick…?
Penny: Leonard.
Scene: The comic book store.
Sheldon: You brought me my comic books when I wasn’t feeling well. That, that was thoughtful. And I was insensitive. I’m sorry.
Stuart: Thank you, Sheldon. I appreciate that.
Sheldon: And I want you to know that I mean it, you know? This isn’t me just wanting to go on the trip to Las Vegas.
Stuart: What trip to Las Vegas?
Sheldon: The one everyone’s taking this weekend on the party bus.
Stuart: Of course, I wasn’t invited.
Sheldon: That would be my understanding. On a less painful subject, what size T-shirt do you take?
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Sheldon: Raj, you were being a good friend, and my illness was no excuse for my behaviour. I hope that you can accept my apology.
Raj: Of course I do.
Sheldon: And, Emily, I’m sorry for saying dermatologists aren’t real doctors. And I’m sure you’re tired of hearing that.
Emily: Do you honestly think I hear that a lot?
Sheldon: Well, I would imagine when your job is popping zits and squirting Botox into old lady faces…
Raj: Okay, okay, the point is that we accept your apology.
Emily: Uh, maybe you do. He just insulted me again.
Raj: Yeah, but he doesn’t mean it.
Emily: Why are you defending him?
Sheldon: I believe I can answer that. Uh, like me, Raj is demonstrating empathy. Now, why don’t you accept my apology receive your free T-shirt, uh, I hope extra small is okay. For some reason Wolowitz took a medium.
Emily: Well, I don’t accept your apology.
Raj: What are you doing?
Emily: It’s called standing up for myself. You should try it some time.
Raj: Fine, how about this? You’re making me uncomfortable by prolonging this ridiculous fight, and I wish you’d stop.
Emily: Oh, you want me to stop? No problem.
Raj: No, come on, please don’t leave.
Sheldon: Point of clarification, are you still going on the trip? Because if not…
Emily: Don’t worry, you’re good.
Sheldon: I caused that fight, I feel terrible. Wait, I can do that better. I caused that fight. I feel terrible. Yeah, wow, I don’t know which one I like more.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: So, was the fight really bad?
Sheldon: No. As a fight, it was excellent. She used harsh language and slammed the door. Although as I say this, that might not have been what you were asking.
Leonard: You think they’ll still go on the trip?
Sheldon: All I know is after the fight I went to Emily’s to smooth…
Leonard: They’re not going on the trip.
Penny: No.
Raj: What is wrong with you?
Sheldon: Look at him, caring about what’s wrong with me. That is some top-shelf empathy. Hey, well, we should start a club.
Raj: You went to Emily’s to apologise, and when you left, she was crying.
Sheldon: That is true. Well, I suppose I should apologize again.
All: No.
Penny: Is she okay?
Raj: Yeah, I calmed her down, but she’s not going to Vegas if he’s going.
Howard: Wait, that’s an option? I didn’t know that was an option.
Sheldon: Well, that is fine, because I’ve decided that I won’t be joining you. I’ve realized that the most genuine way to demonstrate the remorse I feel is to let you have this weekend to yourselves.
Raj: That’s very mature of you.
Sheldon: Well, I’ve been on a little trip myself recently. Not to Sin City but to Sincere City. Where instead of genital warts, the only growth you’ll come back with is personal growth.
Penny: And there’s your next T-shirt.
Scene: The party bus. 
Howard: Ooh, check out the stripper pole.
Bernadette: You know what that means.
Leonard: That Raj’ll be on it before we make it to the freeway?
Raj: You know it. Oo-ah, oo-ah.
Bernadette: This is so cool.
Penny: Here’s some champagne.
Leonard: Mm-hmm. Well, I would like to propose a toast to a well-deserved weekend of…
Sheldon: Aha.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Sheldon: My plan was to jump out at the state line, but one of my nose plugs fell into the toilet.
Penny: You couldn’t give us just one weekend?
Stuart: I told him this was a bad idea.
Leonard: What do we do, kick them off?
Penny: If we drop them off at a fire station, they have to take them, no questions asked.
Sheldon: Before you do, please give me one more chance to apologize to Emily.
Raj: Oh, God.
Sheldon: Emily, as I’m sure you know, I’m considered an odd fellow. But what you don’t know is that, while I often say the wrong thing, in my heart I mean well. I think that you are a smart and wonderful woman, you know? And we all think that you can do better than Koothrappali.
Raj: You know, Sheldon…
Emily: Shh, let him finish.
Sheldon: So, for all the times I’ve offended you and all the times that I’ll offend you in the future, I’m sorry.
Emily: Thank you.
Sheldon: Good. Then I’ll be leaving now.
Emily: Oh, it’s okay, Sheldon. Come with us.
Sheldon: Oh, that’s very kind of you. But I’m sure you’ll all have a better time without me. Let’s go, Stuart.
Stuart: But I want to stay.
Sheldon: Stuart, now.
Emily: You know, I know he’s a jerk, but I actually feel bad for him.
Penny: And now you see the problem.
Leonard: Come on, you pain in the ass.
Sheldon: That’s me. Bye, Stuart.
Stuart: Wait. I’m a pain in the ass, too.
Scene: Later on the party bus.
Sheldon: Are you relieved that you and Raj were able to patch things up?
Emily: At the moment? No, not really.
Penny: Shake it, baby.
Bernadette: Ooh, work that thing.
 								
			
				Scene: The foyer.
Sheldon: Here’s a fun Postal fact. The inner side of our mailbox is under federal jurisdiction. So, if you broke my right thumb, that’s Pasadena city police. But if you broke my left thumb, that’s the FBI.
Leonard: If I’m going to jail, I’m killing him, not breaking his thumb.
Penny: Yeah.
Sheldon: Oh, I got a letter from my Meemaw. Umm. Smell this.
Penny: What is that?
Sheldon: Uh, roses, bengay, and Dr. Scholls’ foot powder.
Penny: Ah, yeah, Grandma by Calvin Klein. You know, the last time I got a hand written letter it was from someone who told me I parked like a blind person.
Leonard: That someone has a name.
Sheldon: Uh, thank you. Oh, Meemaw got a new set of teeth. Oh, but then she found her old ones. Oh, so now the new ones are just gonna be her church teeth.
Leonard: Fun. Like your Comic-Con Spock ears and your around the house Spock ears.
Penny: I park fine.
Sheldon: Oh, my goodness, she’s coming to visit!
Leonard: Oh, it’ll be nice to finally meet her.
Sheldon: Oh, you are going to love her. She is the kindest, sweetest woman you’ll ever meet. Unless you’re a gopher digging up her vegetable garden. In that case, you can expect to have your head bashed in with a shovel.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The airport arrivals area.
Sheldon: That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her.
Leonard: Really? The old Asian man is not your Meemaw?
Sheldon: And that’s not helpful. You know, I got her an iPhone for Christmas. I’ll see where she is.
Leonard: Oh, that’s nice. Most people her age don’t embrace technology.
Sheldon: Oh, no, she doesn’t even know she has it. No, I had my sister slip it in her bag so that I can track her like a sea turtle.
Leonard: Same as when we lost you at the zoo.
Sheldon: Uh, for the hundredth time, I smelled kettle corn and couldn’t find the cart.
Leonard: Still doesn’t explain how you ended up on the freeway divider.
Meemaw: Moon Pie.
Sheldon: Meemaw. I’m so happy to see you.
Meemaw: I’m so happy to see you, too.
Sheldon: Oh. You got even smaller. I love it. Uh, Meemaw, this is Leonard. Leonard, this is my Meemaw.
Leonard: Hi. So nice to finally meet you. Let me take this for you, Meemaw.
Meemaw: Thank you.
Sheldon: No. Oh, no. Now you call her Constance. I call her Meemaw. You have your own Meemaw. It’s not my fault she died when you were four.
Meemaw: Is that nice to say to your friend?
Sheldon: It isn’t, Meemaw. Sorry, Leonard.
Leonard: Can you please live with us forever?
Scene: The comic book store.
Howard: That’s ridiculous. If you had a superpower, and spent your whole life being told to suppress it, when you finally decide to embrace that power, why hide in isolation?
Raj: I’m sorry, and how much money did your version of Frozen make?
Howard: I’m just saying, instead of Let it Go, she should really sing, Look At Me Hiding in a Freezer Like a Dove Bar.
Raj: She built an ice castle, made a snow monster and gave herself a complete makeover in one day. You know what I saw you do today? Eat a block of cream cheese straight from the foil and lie about it to your wife.
Girl: Sorry for eavesdropping, but did you know they actually had the song Let It Go in place before they finalized the story?
Raj: Yeah, that’s true. In fact, they liked the song so much, they retooled the whole script around it.
Girl: Which is probably why that movie sucks.
Howard: Here we are talking about Frozen, and yet, you got burned.
Raj: I’m so sorry but, how can you not like that movie?
Girl: I just think it gets more credit than it deserves.
Howard: Oh, that’s what I said an hour ago.
Girl: Wow. You’ve been talking about Frozen for an hour?
Howard: You should’ve seen us after The Good Dinosaur.
Raj: It was a classic western set in the post-Jurassic period, and it changed my life.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Are you comfortable?
Meemaw: Very. It’s nice to rest after 800 flights of stairs.
Sheldon: You were so cute, huffin’ and puffin’. There’s Amy. I just know you’re gonna hit it off. You both have the same fashion sense. Hello. Come in, say hi to my Meemaw.
Amy: Hi. Nice to meet you.
Meemaw: Nice to meet you, too.
Amy: How was your trip?
Meemaw: Wonderful. And the pilot did such a good job, I gave him a butterscotch.
Amy: That’s great. And look at you, sitting in Sheldon’s spot. You know, I don’t even get to sit there.
Sheldon: Yeah. And you never will. Ooh, hey, oh, ask her to do the tissue thing. Do it, ask her.
Amy: Can I have a tissue?
Meemaw: Of course.
Sheldon: Isn’t that the best? She’s like Grandma Spider-Man.
Meemaw: He’s been saying that since he was little. I still don’t know what it means.
Sheldon: Oh, well, you two sit down and get to know each other. I’ll get your room ready.
Meemaw: Oh, now don’t you go looking through my suitcase for presents.
Sheldon: If I did, would I find any?
Meemaw: Maybe. But you also might find my brassieres and bloomers.
Sheldon: That’s a risk I’m willing to take.
Amy: Well, this is so nice. He’s so excited to have you here and…
Meemaw: Okay, now let’s you and me get something straight. He may think that I came to bake him cookies, but the real reason is to size you up.
Amy: S, s, si, size me up?
Meemaw: Sheldon’s mother may be okay with you, but I’m not so easy.
Amy: Well, I, I’m, I’m sure you’ll like me once you get to know me.
Meemaw: Oh, you better hope so.
Sheldon: A Texas Special cattle and calf car train set with authentic horn and bell. Thank you, Meemaw.
Meemaw: Oh, you’re welcome, Moon Pie.
Sheldon: Amy, why don’t you look excited? Well, you get to watch me play with this.
Scene: The comic book store.
Raj: Oh, I see you’re reading Saga.
Girl: Yeah, I hear it’s pretty good.
Raj: It is, and not a lot of comics have a woman with wings breastfeeding a baby right on the cover.
Girl: I’ll take your word for it.
Howard: You should. He’s really looked.
Raj: I’m Raj, by the way. This is Howard.
Howard: Hi.
Girl: Claire.
Raj: Well, I’ve never seen you here before, Claire.
Claire: It’s my first time. I’m looking for inspiration for this movie I’m writing.
Howard: You’re a screenwriter?
Claire: Well, screenwriter, slash bartender, slash, a month away from living in my car.
Raj: Yeah, I get that. I’m a scientist, slash party planner, slash small-dog enthusiast, slash guy who probably should have stopped at scientist.
Claire: You’re really a scientist?
Raj: Well, astrophysicist.
Claire: That’s perfect. Do you think I could pick your brain for my movie some time? It’s animated sci-fi for kids.
Raj: Sure. I love animated movies.
Howard: He does, and he has the Lilo & Stitch collector plates to prove it.
Raj: Excuse me for wanting a little magic in my life.
Claire: Here’s my number. Give me a call, we’ll get together.
Raj: Yeah, great.
Claire: See ya.
Raj: Yeah, bye.
Howard: What are you doing? You have a girlfriend.
Raj: So?
Howard: So, how do you think she’d feel about you helping a beautiful girl with her screenplay?
Raj: I wouldn’t say she’s beautiful.
Howard: Really? You don’t think she’s attractive?
Raj: I do. I just wouldn’t tell my girlfriend.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Constance, are you sure I can’t pour you some wine?
Meemaw: Oh, no wine for me. Sheldon’s bringing me my whiskey.
Sheldon: Here you go, Meemaw. I made it just how you like, a lot in a glass.
Meemaw: Thank you, Moon Pie.
Amy: I’m curious. Why do you call Sheldon Moon Pie?
Meemaw: ‘Cause he’s so nummy-nummy.
Leonard and Penny: She could just eat him up.
Sheldon: And I call her Meemaw because, well, just, well, look at her.
Meemaw: It’s interesting that Leonard and Penny know about his nickname and you don’t.
Amy: Oh, well, you know, now, now that I’m hearing it, it does sound familiar.
Sheldon: How could it? I never told you, and you never bothered to ask.
Amy: Well, now I know.
Sheldon: Yeah.
Meemaw: So, Penny, I understand you have a new job.
Penny: Yes. I’m a pharmaceutical sales rep.
Meemaw: Oh. It’s so wonderful that you modern gals can have it all. A husband and a full-time career.
Amy: I have a relationship and a full-time career, too.
Meemaw: That doesn’t bode well.
Amy: Why not? You, you just said it’s okay for her to work.
Meemaw: Well, Leonard doesn’t need as much tending to as Sheldon does. And as Moon Pie explained, Leonard’s work is more of a hobby.
Leonard: That’s my best friend.
Penny: Yeah.
Amy: Look, I, I get that you’re protective of your grandson, but he’s an adult now. Maybe I understand what he needs better than you do.
Meemaw: I appreciate your honesty, dear.
Amy: Thank you.
Meemaw: And here’s some more honesty. I don’t like you very much.
Amy: Well, maybe I don’t like you either.
Sheldon: Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You have to like each other. Well, we have a 4:30 reservation at Applebee’s.
Amy: I think I should leave.
Sheldon: But why? Other than you two fighting, we’re having such a good time.
Amy: The minute you left the room, your precious meemaw started giving me a really hard time. I don’t need this.
Meemaw: Let her go. And under no circumstance will you give her that engagement ring.
Amy: What ring?
Leonard: Maybe we should give them some privacy.
Penny: Yeah, yeah, yeah. You go ahead. I’ll catch up with you.
Amy: You have an engagement ring?
Sheldon: Yes.
Amy: Penny, did you know about this?
Penny: All right, let’s go.
Amy: When did you get an engagement ring?
Sheldon: My mother gave it to me, and I had been thinking about giving it to you, but then we broke up.
Meemaw: Well, thank goodness for that.
Amy: Sheldon, will you please tell your grandmother to stay out of this?
Sheldon: Oh, I don’t think I could do that.
Meemaw: Sheldon, tell this girl that my ring will never be on her finger.
Sheldon: I’m gonna opt out of that one, too.
Amy: Who said I even want to be engaged to him? And if I do, I, I don’t need your hand-me-downs.
Sheldon: All right, all right, look, l, let’s all, let’s remain calm and analyse this situation. Now, I realize that you’ve only known each other for less than a day, but is it possible this crankiness is because your cycles have synced?
Meemaw: You leave the room and let the grown-ups talk. Now.
Amy: Don’t speak to him like he’s a child.
Sheldon: Thank you. I’m gonna go next door and play with Leonard.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s kitchen.
Bernadette: Okay, so you met this girl, you exchanged numbers, and you’re gonna meet up with her.
Raj: Just to help her with her screenplay.
Bernadette: Oh. Well, I guess that’s not so bad.
Howard: You weren’t there. He was really flirting.
Raj: Hey, it’s not my fault if American women project their fantasies on foreigners with the kind of magical voice that grants wishes.
Bernadette: I’m sure it was harmless. People flirt. No big deal.
Howard: Really? So it’s okay if I fl…
Bernadette: Not you. I own your ass. The real question is, where are you with Emily?
Raj: Uh, it’s hard to say. I think we’re good, but things like this make me wonder if Emily’s really the right person for me. I mean, did you guys ever have doubts about each other?
Howard: No. Never.
Bernadette: Absolutely.
Howard: What?
Bernadette: Howie, you forget how much of our early dates involved you doing magic and me doing this.
Howard: Fine. I had reservations about you, too.
Bernadette: No, you didn’t.
Howard: No, I didn’t.
Bernadette: Well, it doesn’t matter now, ’cause I love how things worked out.
Howard: Me, too. And I think you’re even more beautiful than this rose.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Wow. You know, the last time I saw my grandma, the most exciting thing was watching the ash of her cigarette get longer and wondering if it was gonna fall in her pudding.
Leonard: Did it?
Penny: Yeah, right in there. She ate it and everything.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny.
Penny: Come in.
Leonard: Hey. What happened? Is Amy gone?
Sheldon: No. They asked me to leave so they could speak privately.
Penny: Uh-oh.
Sheldon: Yeah, I know. It was quite tense. So here’s the million dollar question, uh, who wants to pop over there and get my trains?
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s kitchen.
Raj: All right. I’ve made up my mind. I’m gonna do the right thing, call this girl, and let her know that I’m in a relationship.
Howard: Okay, so far we’ve heard, made up my mind I’m dumping Emily.
Bernadette: Made up my mind to date both of them by pretending to be twin brothers.
Howard: And made up my mind, I’ll ask for a threesome and if they say no, play it off as a joke.
Raj: I’m calling her. And the threesome didn’t deserve the belly laugh it got.
Bernadette: You’re right. It could totally happen.
Claire (voice): Hello?
Raj: Hi. Hi. Yeah, it’s Raj. Rajesh. We met at the comic book store.
Claire: Hey, what’s up? Figure out what time you’re free?
Raj: Actually, that’s why I’m calling. I, um, I just, I need to let you know that I have a girlfriend.
Claire: Okay. Good for you.
Raj: Well, no, no. I, I didn’t want to mislead you after you asked me out.
Claire: I didn’t ask you out. I just need help with my screenplay.
Raj: Wait, are you saying that we didn’t have a vibe?
Claire: Why do you care if we have a vibe? You have a girlfriend.
Raj: Come on, I just told you I had a girlfriend. The least you can do is tell me if we had a vibe.
Claire: Sure, we had a vibe.
Raj: I knew it. Okay, we did have a vibe. This is exciting. What’s my next move?
Bernadette: You still have a girlfriend.
Raj: Right. Good catch. Anyway, so I’m sorry to waste your time. And, uh, and good luck with your screenplay.
Claire: Hang on. We’re both adults. We can still get together without it meaning anything.
Raj: Not me. Ever since you admitted we had a vibe, I’ve been planning our wedding.
Claire: Look, it’s just coffee. I’ll ask you some questions about science, and if you propose, I promise to say no.
Raj: Okay. That hurts a little, but okay.
Claire: Great. I’ll text you.
Raj: Bye. All right. So, uh, we’re meeting for coffee like two adults. Everybody’s happy. Easy peasy.
Bernadette: Are you gonna tell Emily?
Raj: Yeah, of course. We have no secrets.
Howard: When are you gonna tell Emily?
Raj: He lied about the cream cheese. He ate the whole thing. I saw him.
Scene: The apartment. 
Amy: Look, I know you think I’m not right for Sheldon, but trust me, I’m his best shot. You have no idea how much I put up with.
Meemaw: I know more than you think I do.
Amy: Really? You know what it’s like to have date night ruined because Google changed their font?
Meemaw: Young lady, if you think I don’t know what it’s like to live with a stubborn, egotistical man, then you’re wrong. ‘Cause that was my husband.
Amy: Really?
Meemaw: There were days I wanted to fill his pockets with corn and toss him in the pigpen.
Amy: Well, if you understand, then why are you giving me such a hard time?
Meemaw: Because when you broke up with Sheldon, it hurt him deeply, and I don’t want to see that happen again.
Penny: Hi. Sorry. Sheldon would like to say something to you.
Sheldon: No, I wouldn’t.
Leonard: Just get in here.
Sheldon: Hello.
Penny: Go ahead.
Sheldon: Meemaw, look, I’m sorry, but I have to defend my girlfriend to you.
Amy: Oh, Sheldon, thank you.
Sheldon: Oh, great, now you’re gonna get emotional. I always looked up to you and Pop-Pop. I, I know what a challenging man he could be, but I saw you stand by him and-and make him into a better person.
Meemaw: I did.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, that is exactly what I’ve been doing the last five years with this little work in progress.
Leonard: He never disappoints, does he?
Amy: I think what Sheldon means to say is we’ve both grown together. Isn’t that right?
Sheldon: Well…
Penny: Say yes.
Sheldon: Yes.
Meemaw: Fine. If you feel so strongly, I won’t stand in your way.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Amy: So if he wanted to give me that engagement ring, we would have your blessing?
Meemaw: I suppose.
Sheldon: I just gave you my virginity, woman. Cool your jets.
Scene: The comic book store.
Raj: Yeah, see, if you just change the story to the destruction of our galaxy, then a super massive black hole could work.
Claire: This is great. Thank you so much. I just got to figure out a way for everyone to die that isn’t too scary for children.
Fantasy seqeunce.
Raj: And that’s how Mommy and Daddy met.
Claire: Hey, did you ever tell Emily about us?
Raj: I will.
 								
			
				Scene: The cafeteria.
Sheldon: Gentlemen.
Leonard: Hey.
Raj: Hey.
Howard: Hello.
Sheldon: If any of you are looking for something to do on Valentine’s Day, Amy and I’ll be streaming our first-ever live episode of Fun With Flags. You’re welcome to join us as we celebrate the timeless love affair between wind and flapping fabric.
Leonard: Penny and I have dinner reservations that night, but any other time, no.
Howard: Sorry, Bernie and I are breaking in the new hot tub, if you know what I mean.
Sheldon: Not a clue. Raj?
Raj: Spending Valentine’s Day with Emily.
Leonard: You don’t sound very excited about it.
Raj: Oh, I am, I am. I, I guess I’m still wondering if Emily and I are right for each other.
Howard: Does this have to do with that girl you had coffee with?
Raj: You mean the strong, sexy angel I can’t stop thinking about? Who can say?
Howard: You’ve been talking about breaking up with Emily forever. Why don’t you just do it already?
Leonard: Yeah, just get it over with.
Raj: Well, you say it like it’s easy. Have any one of you ever broken up with anyone?
Howard: No.
Leonard: Not really.
Sheldon: You know, uh, once I ordered an Uber by accident. I just got in and went somewhere.
Credits sequence. 
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: So, you really gonna break up with her?
Raj: Yeah, I think so. Do you have any advice?
Penny: Well, I have broken up with my fair share of guys. I mean, how many times did I break up with Leonard?
Leonard: I stopped counting at four.
Penny: All right, my advice to you is do it at her place so you can leave when you need to, uh, tell the truth, make it quick and be prepared for tears.
Raj: Oh, I’m gonna do a pre-cry before I go in there. Really dry myself out.
Leonard: She meant Emily.
Penny: No, I, I really didn’t.
Scene: Emily’s apartment.
Emily: You’re seriously breaking up with me?
Raj: Yeah.
Emily: And you thought right before Valentine’s Day was a good time to do it?
Raj: You’re right, let’s talk again in a few days.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj (on phone): Hey, Claire. Hi. It’s, it’s Rajesh. I was, I was wondering if you’re free for Valentine’s Day?
Claire: Sorry, I just got back with my boyfriend.
Raj: But I just broke up with my girlfriend.
Claire: Right before Valentine’s Day? What an ass.
Scene: Emily’s apartment. 
Raj: Please take me back. Our love was meant to be.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Raj: I’m gonna all alone on Valentine’s Day.
Leonard: Well, you were right, tears.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Okay, and we are live in 22 minutes.
Sheldon: I’m nervous. I hope people will be around to watch even though it’s Valentine’s Day.
Amy: People who are fans of an Internet show about flags? Trust me, they’re around.
Sheldon: Oh, and speaking of Valentine’s Day, I haven’t forgotten about you tonight.
Amy: What do you mean?
Sheldon: Well, you’ve become such an integral part of my life as well as this show, I felt it only right to include your name in the title.
Amy: Oh. That is so sweet.
Sheldon: So from now on, this program will be officially known as Dr. Sheldon Cooper and Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler present Dr. Sheldon’ Cooper’s Fun With Flags.
Amy: Catchy.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house. 
Howard: I’m gonna check the temp on the tub.
Bernadette: Don’t make it too hot.
Howard: Sorry, but too hot is the only temperature I come in.
Bernadette: Look at that, you shaved it all.
Howard: You’re welcome. Um, question, this is my first hot tub, is it supposed to come with a rat flopping around in it?
Bernadette: Ew, really? Get it out.
Howard: How?
Bernadette: Uh, wish we had a skimmer.
Howard: Uh, you turn off the jets, I’ll get a strainer from the kitchen.
Bernadette: I don’t know how to turn off the jets.
Howard: Good, I don’t know where we keep the strainer.
Scene: A restaurant. 
Leonard: Excuse me. Uh, bad news. The maître d’ said it’s gonna be at least an hour.
Penny: An hour? What? That’s crazy. We have a reservation.
Leonard: I know.
Penny: So what did you say?
Leonard: Thanks, sorry to bother you. But I said it like a badass.
Penny: All right, well, can’t you, like, slip him some money or something?
Leonard: Really? I’ve never done that before. Does it work?
Penny: Do people like money? Is that what you’re asking?
Leonard: A lot of attitude from the woman who thought MC squared was a rapper.
Penny: Now, is that a smart thing to say on a holiday that’s basically national sex night?
Leonard: I’m sorry. You’re pretty, I’m stupid. Hello. Uh, just checking again for Hofstadter. Still gonna be an hour?
Maitre d’: I’m afraid so.
Leonard: Okay. Thanks. Hey. I think you may have dropped this?
Maitre d’: Oh. Did anybody lose a 20?
Man: I did.
Leonard: Oh, I took care of it.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Okay, we are live in five, four, three, oh, wait, oh shoot, I already pushed the button. Never mind, we’re live.
Sheldon: Uh, hello and welcome to a special live edition of Dr. Sheldon Cooper…
Amy: And Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler present…
Together: Dr. Sheldon Cooper’s Fun With Flags.
Amy: Consider tonight’s episode a Valentine’s Day gift for you, our viewers.
Sheldon: It’s also my gift to you. That was clear, right? ‘Cause you’re not getting anything else.
Amy: Since we’re live, you’ll finally be able to reach out to us with your flag thoughts and flag questions.
Sheldon: Allow us to answer a few quick ones that we get all the time. Uh, uh, yes, I really am a doctor. Uh, yes, she really is my girlfriend.
Amy: No, I just blink a lot, it’s not Morse code for rescue me. Oh, uh, ok, uh, here’s our first call. Hello, and welcome to Fun With Flags. What’s your question?
Raj (voice): What is wrong with me? Why am I so self-destructive?
Amy: Rajesh?
Raj: Yes. Whenever things are going well, I always find a way to ruin it. You two look happy, how do you do it?
Amy: I, I think it starts with good communication.
Sheldon: You know what, that’s not a flag question. Next caller.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Howard: I hope you don’t think I’m just saying this because it’s Valentine’s Day, but, I love you so much.
Bernadette: I’m gonna put this down your robe. It’s not moving, but I think it’s still alive.
Howard: Well, should we put it back in there a few minutes?
Bernadette: No. No, and it’s not a rat, it’s a rabbit. We need to save it.
Howard: Well, how do we do that?
Bernadette: Um, I don’t know, look it up on your phone. I’m gonna wrap it in a towel.
Howard: Um, taking care of injured rabbit. Okay. Make sure it’s comfortable and warm. Well, it was just in a hot tub. I’m gonna say check.
Bernadette: Anything else?
Howard: To make sure it’s not dehydrated, feed him an electrolyte solution. If it’s not responding, use a warm cloth to wash its face and genitals. Yeah.
Scene: The restaurant.
Penny: This is ridiculous. You know, I’m gonna go talk to the maître d’.
Leonard: What are you gonna say?
Penny: I don’t know. I’m, I’m gonna flirt with him.
Leonard: I don’t know if I’m comfortable with that.
Penny: I’m still sleeping with you tonight.
Leonard: See if you can get a table by the window.
Penny: Hi there. What’s your name?
Maitre d’: Glen.
Penny: Oh, boy, it is crazy in here tonight, huh, Glen?
Maitre d’: Well, you know, Valentine’s Day.
Penny: Yes. Oh, bet your girlfriend is super bummed you had to work tonight. Anyway, look, we have been waiting a while, and I just…
Maitre d’: With all due respect, ma’am, there’s nothing I can do.
Penny: You don’t have to call me ma’am.
Maitre d’: Okay.
Penny: I mean, we’re basically the same age.
Maitre d’: Okay.
Penny: How old are you?
Maitre d’: I’m 21. How old are you?
Penny: Just shut up, Glen. Come on, let’s get out of here.
Leonard: What? Why?
Penny: Because I’m young. Let’s go.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Rajesh, it’s perfectly normal to have doubts after breaking up with someone.
Raj (voice): You really think so?
Sheldon: Yeah, you know what’s not normal? Blubbering about emotions during a flag show. Unless that emotion is excitement over New Zealand changing their flag. Yeah, good luck, you crazy Kiwis, we’re rooting for you.
Amy: Your friend is hurting.
Raj: No, Sheldon’s right. Emily did say I always talk about my feelings too much.
Sheldon: I suppose that could be a legitimate concern in a relationship. Uh, perhaps even a, a red flag. And speaking of red flags, check out this sexy number from the former Soviet Union. Hubba, hubba.
Amy: Oh. Uh, we-we have another caller. Hi. You’re on Fun with Flags.
Barry (voice): Hewwo. I want to talk about how wonewy I am, too.
Raj: Kripke? Is that you?
Barry: Yeah, I’m just sitting here all by myself wondering if I’w ever find someone to share my wife with. Pwefewabwy Asian, 18-24, no fatties.
Sheldon: Please, all comments and questions should be flag-related.
Barry: Aw wight. Is my pole fwag-wewated?
Sheldon: I don’t see why not.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Bernadette: He’s eating. That’s a good sign.
Howard: You’re gonna have to wait one hour until you can go swimming again.
Bernadette: He’s pretty cute.
Howard: He is. Should we name him?
Bernadette: It is Valentine’s Day. How about Valentino?
Howard: Nice. A classic rabbit name. Peter Rabbit, Roger Rabbit. Valentino Wolowitz Rabbit. Oh, look at all that chest hair and overbite. Of course you’re a Wolowitz. Son of a bitch, he bit me.
Bernadette: Are you okay?
Howard: No, I’m not okay. Wild rabbits can have rabies.
Bernadette: Oh. Well, why did you put your finger near its mouth?
Howard: Poor judgement, obviously.
Bernadette: He’s so little. I’m sure it’s fine.
Howard: How can it be fine? I just got attacked by a clearly anti-Semitic wild animal.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Leonard: It’s not what we planned, but this isn’t so bad, right?
Penny: It is freaking amazing.
Leonard: Well, glad you’re feeling better.
Penny: I was just hungry and cranky, and I’ve never been called ma’am before.
Leonard: Is that a big deal?
Penny: Kind of. When was the first time someone called you sir?
Leonard: Sixth grade, but I wore a sport coat and carried a briefcase, so…
Penny: Can you believe when I met you I was 22? I mean, it’s crazy. Where did all that time go?
Leonard: Mm, you watched The Bachelor a lot.
Penny: Yeah, go ahead and make jokes, but your thirties are almost over.
Leonard: No, they’re not.
Penny: You’re closer to 40 than you are 30.
Leonard: Ha, ha. You married an old man. Tell you what. Let’s do something fun tonight.
Penny: Won’t make us any younger.
Leonard: Well, maybe not, but some day we actually will be old, and we’ll look back on this night and remember what a good time we had.
Penny: Okay, like what?
Leonard: I know. Food fight. I’ll keep thinking.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Look, I know you both feel bad about being alone, but sometimes the best thing you can do is take a little time for yourself, especially when you just got out of a relationship.
Sheldon: Speaking of ending relationships, when British Honduras became Belize, they designed a new flag with a tree on it, and I would like to hang myself from that tree.
Raj: But, Amy, when you and Sheldon split up, didn’t you start dating someone right away?
Amy: Well, I, I wouldn’t say right away.
Sheldon: And actually, it was three different men.
Barry: Thwee diffewent men? Damn, girl, way to give the milk away?
Amy: Oh, looks like we just lost Kripke.
Barry: No, actuawwy, I’m stiw here.
Amy: Now?
Barry: Yup.
Amy: Now?
Barry: Yup.
Amy: Now? Oh, looks like we just lost Kripke.
Raj: Before Emily, I was alone for so long. I just, I don’t know if I can do that again.
Sheldon: Well, you know, here is something that might cheer you up. The flag of the Isle of Man is nothing but three legs sharing a weird pair of underpants, so you think you got problems.
Amy: I have an idea. Maybe someone in our audience would be interested in meeting Rajesh. Ladies, I can attest that he is a kind, handsome, intelligent…
Raj: Rich parents, don’t forget, rich parents.
Amy: …spoiled astrophysicist who not only… oh. Well, that was quick. Hi. You’re on Fun with Flags.
Barry: Hey, I think I got cut off.
Amy: Hello, Kripke.
Barry: I have a fwag question. How many men did you have sex with?
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Leonard: Let’s see. What’s young and fun? Uh, we could go dancing.
Leonard: Are you actually gonna dance?
Leonard: Of course.
Penny: Yeah. No one wants to see that. Hey, how about skinny dipping at the beach?
Leonard: No, I don’t need any fish nibbling my business.
Penny: Oh, there’s a screening of Moulin Rouge, I heard the crowd sings along and stuff.
Leonard: That sounds fun. When’s it start?
Penny: Midnight.
Leonard: Midnight. Really? You know what? Let’s do it.
Penny: Okay, great. Oh, wait. Uh, it’s sold out.
Leonard: Oh, thank God.
Penny: Yes.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Howard: It says, rabies in rabbits is highly unlikely.
Bernadette: Oh, terrific.
Howard: It’s not terrific. Lots of highly unlikely things happen. You saw what’s under this robe, and you still married me.
Bernadette: If you’re really worried, we’ll take him to the vet and have him tested.
Howard: Good. Thank you. Oh, okay, there is a test. All they have to do is cut off his head and check his brain.
Bernadette: Oh, cut off his head? That’s where his little nose is.
Howard: He’s not showing any symptoms. I guess I’ll just go to the emergency room to be safe.
Bernadette: Howie, this is just your hypochondria.
Howard: No, when I sat on the mute button and thought I’d gone deaf, that was my hypochondria.
Bernadette: We’ll find another time to tell him I’m pregnant.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj (voice): I mean, this is the first time I’ve ever broken up with someone. I just, I didn’t realize it was gonna hurt this much.
Amy: It really can.
Sheldon: All right. Nothing about this is fun. No one wants to talk about flags, and I haven’t spoken in over ten minutes, so, enjoy your new show, Internet. Dr. Amy Farrah Flower present with.
Raj: I’m sorry for bothering you. I’ll hang up now.
Amy: No, hold on, Rajesh. You know, you’re not being very sympathetic. You know first hand that breakups are hard.
Sheldon: Fine. If you insist on making me a part of this, yes, I knowledge how painful they can be. However, pain has an evolutionary purpose. It provides information from the environment that, uh, behaviour isn’t good for us.
Barry: Wike when I feww in wove with that stwipper and bought her a Pwius.
Amy: I’m just gonna push all the buttons.
Sheldon: Raj, now, I’m sorry you’re suffering. When Amy and I were broken up, I also suffered. And this may sound surprising, but I’m grateful for having gone through it.
Amy: Really?
Sheldon: Yes. I believe our relationship now is stronger than ever.
Amy: So do I.
Sheldon: When, when we were apart, I learned how important you are to me. And I realize that when two people are in love, sometimes they…
Leonard and Penny: Happy Valentine’s Day!
Leonard: We are young and fun.
Sheldon: I stand corrected. Fun.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Congratulations on a successful live show.
Amy: And a lovely Valentine’s Day.
Penny: Cleaning up is not young and fun.
Leonard: It can be. Confetti fight. Maybe you should take a break. I got this.
Sheldon: Did you know the singular of confetti is confetto?
Amy: Interesting, and when would you use the singular?
Sheldon: I’m glad you asked. Amy, you have a confetto in your nose. No, no, no, no. Other side. There you go.
 								
			
				Following a “previously on” sequence.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s kitchen.
Howard: Morning.
Bernadette: Morning.
Howard: We? What is this?
Bernadette: I don’t know. Maybe it says something on the back.
Howard: Continued on milk. If you’re tricking me into making my own breakfast, it didn’t work for my mom, and it won’t work for you. Are. We are. See spoons for more.
Bernadette: What could it be? We are Groot? We are the champions? We are family? I got all my sisters with me?
Howard: Are you serious?
Bernadette: Yeah.
Howard: Are you sure?
Bernadette: Pretty positive. That’s a joke, because the pregnancy test says…
Howard: Oh, my God. This is incredible. We’re gonna be parents? We’re gonna get to board planes first. Finally gonna get to see what’s in that family bathroom at the mall.
Bernadette: I know, it’s crazy.
Howard: It is crazy. Oh. I mean, how do you prepare for something like this? I’m not even sure I’ve held a baby before.
Bernadette: Oh, it’s okay, you’ll figure it out.
Howard: But how’s this all gonna work? Do we get a nanny? I mean, can we afford a nanny? And if we can, we can’t get a pretty one, ’cause it’ll wreck our marriage. We can’t get an ugly one, ’cause it’ll scare the kid.
Bernadette: I don’t know, Howie.
Howard: Are we in a good school district? You’re Catholic, I’m Jewish. What religion do we raise it? And if it’s a boy, do we get him circumcised? People say it’s barbaric, but if we don’t, it looks like a pig in a blanket.
Bernadette: Calm down, it’s gonna be okay.
Howard: How’s it gonna be okay? Look at me, I’m a mess. And that means this baby’s gonna be half a mess. And that’s even before we screw it up with our cut-rate moderately attractive nanny.
Credits sequence. 
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Hey, Raj, I read a couple of guys in your department may have discovered a new planet in our solar system?
Sheldon: Oh, I heard about that. Why didn’t you discover it?
Raj: Because instead of being in the telescope room, I was busy making you guys home made jam for the holidays.
Sheldon: Well, you be sure to let us know when you win the Nobel Prize for boysenberry.
Leonard: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello.
Raj: Hey, bud.
Leonard: Ready to play when you are.
Howard: Yeah, um, in a minute. I actually need to tell you guys something.
Raj: If it’s thank you for the home made jam you got in December, congratulations, you’re the first one.
Leonard: What’s going on?
Howard: I’m, uh, uh, gonna be a father.
Leonard: What? Congratulations.
Raj: That’s so amazing.
Sheldon: Oh, no.
Leonard: Why oh, no?
Sheldon: Because this changes everything. What about comic book night? Uh, what about playing games together? What about our trips to Disneyland? How can we do those things with a child around?
Leonard: Relax, there’s room for two babies in this group.
Sheldon: Oh, dear lord, Penny’s pregnant, too?
Leonard: You’re the other baby.
Sheldon: Oh, really? Okay, well, would a baby have to shave once every 11 days?
Leonard: Would an adult refuse to eat his graham crackers because one of them was broken?
Sheldon: I guess we’ll call this a draw.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s patio.
Bernadette: So, I’m glad you guys are here. There’s something I want to share with you. Howie and I are going to…
Penny (reading text): Leonard says you’re pregnant.
Amy: What?
Penny: Don’t say anything. act surprised when she tells you. All right, how you want to do this?
Bernadette: I’m pregnant.
Penny: Oh, my God, I can’t believe it.
Amy: This is so exciting.
Bernadette: Yeah, it’s all real exciting.
Penny: Are, are you not happy about this?
Bernadette: I am. Of-of course I am. I’m, I’m sure it’s just the hormones. But it’s weird, Howie’s the one who’s been talking about having kids for years, and I was all excited to tell him because I thought he’d be thrilled, but then he started to flip out and now this feels like a bad idea and I’m gonna get fat.
Penny: No, no, come on. Come on, you’re not gonna get fat. You’re gonna be beautiful and glowing and, and have the cutest little baby bump ever.
Bernadette: Easy for you to say, skinny bitch. Sorry, hormones.
Penny: Oh, that’s all right. All I heard was skinny.
Amy: I wouldn’t make too much out of Howard not reacting the way you expected him to.
Penny: Yeah, I’m sure it was just the initial shock of it all.
Bernadette: You’re probably right. After we talked about it, he started to calm down.
Scene: The apartment. 
Howard: I shouldn’t be raising a kid. I don’t even eat my own vegetables.
Leonard: Buddy, I, I think you might be overreacting.
Howard: And then there’s this nose. I mean, what if he looks like me? Or worse, what if she looks like me?
Sheldon: Not to mention the impact on our social circle. Everything’s going to change. Howard won’t be able to come over as much.
Raj: Well, he could bring the baby here.
Sheldon: Oh, but then we’d have to baby-proof the apartment. You know, my sister has one of those toilet locks in her bathroom. I have two doctorates, I still had to go in the sink.
Howard: Oh, my God, and do you have any idea how expensive having a kid is?
Raj: I read that in Los Angeles, raising a child through college can cost over a million dollars.
Howard: A million dollars? God, it’s like my nuts just kicked me in the nuts. That’s it, I got to start earning more money right now.
Raj: I know, you could ask Bernadette for a raise in your allowance.
Howard: This isn’t a joke.
Raj: I wasn’t joking.
Leonard: It’ll be fine. People have kids every day. You’ll figure this out.
Raj: Yeah, come on, this is great news and you know it.
Howard: You’re right, it is, I’m just a little overwhelmed right now.
Leonard: Hey, you know what we should do?
Sheldon: All get vasectomies so this doesn’t happen to us?
Leonard: Go out and celebrate. But not your worst idea.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s patio.
Amy: Hey, let’s go do something to get your mind off this.
Penny: Yeah, yeah, we should go out.
Bernadette: Where?
Penny: Uh, I don’t know, a bar?
Bernadette: Can’t drink.
Penny: We can, but all right.
Amy: Are you hungry? How about that sushi place you love?
Bernadette: Doctor said I can’t have sushi.
Penny: Okay, look, we don’t have to go anywhere. We can just, you know, stay here and hang out in the hot tub.
Bernadette: Doctor said I can’t go in the hot tub.
Amy: Maybe you should get a new doctor. What, he said you can’t laugh either?
Scene: A bar.
Raj: I’d like to propose a toast to our friend, Howard, his, um, his big heart, his beautiful soul…
Leonard: And his tight little pants that somehow did not make him sterile.
All: Cheers.
Howard: Well, look at this. I bet whoever invented tiny umbrellas doesn’t have to worry about money. He can have all the kids he wants.
Sheldon: And can keep a small portion of their heads dry.
Howard: If I’m gonna have any chance of raising this kid, I need to come up with a big idea to make some money.
Leonard: There’s no reason you can’t.
Howard: That’s easy for you to say. You and Sheldon already came up with your superfluid helium model.
Leonard: That’s just research. We’re never gonna make any money from it.
Sheldon: Forget helium. The real superfluid is the fruit punch in this mug. Reminds me of my daddy’s secret don’t tell mama juice.
Leonard: Uh, these are strong, you should slow down.
Sheldon: Oh. I’ll just take one last sip. Ah.
Scene: The same, later.
Howard: Okay, how about this for an invention, slightly bigger cocktail umbrellas.
Leonard: How is that a new invention?
Howard: I don’t know, all Apple does is change the size of things and we keep buying them.
Raj: It’s true. I like my giant iPad and my little iPad almost as much as my regular-sized iPad.
Sheldon: This place is terrific. Why. why have we never been here before?
Leonard: The same reason we don’t do a lot of fun stuff. You.
Sheldon: That’s some smart talk from a guy who can’t even keep his face in focus. Where’s the bathroom?
Raj: Uh, it’s in the corner.
Sheldon: Excuse me. Hey, how you doin’?
Raj: I hope the bathroom is clearly marked.
Leonard: Doesn’t matter. He’s headed for the kitchen anyway.
Howard: Maybe that’s an idea, guidance systems for drunk people.
Raj: They have that. It’s called Uber.
Howard: Hey. In your supercooled helium experiments, did you create quantum vortices?
Leonard: Yeah. Why?
Howard: Well, if you made a guidance system, couldn’t you use those vortices as a gyroscope?
Leonard: Wow. I’ve never thought about that.
Howard: And since it’s in a quantum state, it would maintain an infinite persistence.
Raj: Groundbreaking revelations, tropical drinks. Tell me this isn’t like the best episode of Sex and the City.
Leonard: You may have actually just come up with something.
Howard: You think so?
Leonard: I really do.
Sheldon: You guys, the bathroom here is amazing. There’s people cooking in it.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s patio.
Amy: Think about all the fun things you get to do when you have a baby.
Penny: Yeah, yeah, you get to buy toys and little clothes.
Bernadette: I kind of already do that for Howie.
Penny: And whenever you’re hungry, you’ll be in a minivan with Cheerios all over the floor.
Amy: Oh, and I just found a new travel cup for Sheldon. It only lets out three at a time. So, when did you guys decide to get pregnant?
Bernadette: Well, we didn’t exactly decide. We were talking about it, and then one night we got a little reckless.
Penny: Oh, tell us.
Amy: Yeah, tell us.
Bernadette: No, I’m embarrassed.
Penny: Oh, come on, we’re all grown-ups. We’ve all done it.
Amy: Me, me, me too. I’m a grown-up and I’ve done it.
Bernadette: Fine. We were out one night, and things got a little spontaneous.
Amy: Oh, that sounds juicy.
Bernadette: Well, Sheldon was going on and on about time zones and railroad schedules, and I went out…
Penny: Wait, I remember that. Hang on. You did it at our place?
Bernadette: Kind of on Sheldon’s bed.
Amy: What?
Penny: No.
Bernadette: I was headed to the bathroom, and I passed Howie on his way out. Usually he says, do not go in there, but this time he said, hey, let’s go in here.
Amy: How could you do that?
Bernadette: I’m sorry, but you know what it’s like when you’re with your man and one thing leads to another.
Amy: I do know what that’s like. I really do.
Scene: The bar.
Leonard: I’m not seeing anyone using liquid helium vortices like this.
Howard: I’m not finding anything either.
Raj: It’s a good sign.
Sheldon: Oh, wait, I found something.
Howard: Damn. What is it?
Sheldon: This video. The baby panda sneezes, and the mama panda gets so scared.
Leonard: Can you focus on what we’re talking about?
Sheldon: All right. Look, now, this may be the rum talking, but as long as the unpinning rate of the vortices is kept within 1.1 and 1.3, the Magnus force issue should be negligible.
Raj: Even drunk, he’s still smarter than all of us.
Sheldon: And stronger. Who wants to see me beat up the bartender?
Leonard: I’d enjoy that.
Sheldon: Nah, she’s a good kid.
Howard: If this is a viable thing, we could get a patent and license it to companies that make guidance systems.
Raj: Look at that. You’ve known you’re gonna be a father for less than a day and you’re already stepping up.
Leonard: I’m telling you, you got this.
Howard: Maybe you’re right.
Sheldon: Of course he’s right. You and I both know how hard it is growing up without a father. That’s why I’m confident you’re gonna be the best dad you can be.
Howard: Thank you, Sheldon.
Sheldon: You’re welcome. And if he has twins, we can do all kinds of neat experiments on them.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s hot tub.
Bernadette: You guys can go in if you want.
Penny: No, we’re a team. If you can’t go in, we’re not going in.
Amy: Then why are we drinking?
Penny: Okay, it’s not like she’s got the Christ child in there, all right? (Checking text) Oh. It’s Leonard. He says Sheldon’s drunk and they’re gonna do karaoke if we want to join them.
Bernadette: That sounds fun.
Amy: Oh, no. Sheldon’s drunk texting me.
Penny: What’s it say?
Amy: Would you like to sing karaoke with us.
Bernadette: How is that a drunk text?
Amy: He used a period instead of a question mark. He’s so wasted.
Scene: The bar.
Raj (rapping): Your movie’s showing, so you’re going. Could care less about the five you’re blowing. Theatre gets dark just to start the show. You spot a fine woman sitting in your row, she’s dressed in yellow, she says hello, come sit next to me, you fine fellow. You run over there without a second to lose, and what comes next, hey, bust a move.
Leonard (singing): You want it, you got it, oh, you want it, baby you got it
Raj: Just bust a move,
Leonard: You want it, you got it, oh, you want it, baby you got it
Raj: Just bust a move,
Leonard: You want it, you got it, oh, you want it, baby you got it
Penny: Hey, guys. Congratulations.
Howard: Thank you.
Amy: Hi. How are you doing?
Sheldon: Wonderful. I’m being musically encouraged to bust a move. If I knew what that meant, I might just do it.
Howard: I’m really glad you’re here. Can we talk?
Bernadette: Sure.
Penny: So, you gonna get up there later?
Sheldon: A microphone, a room full of inaccurate depictions of Polynesian religion, and a captive audience to hear about it? You bet I am.
Howard: I’m sorry I freaked out this morning. I want you to know I’m done being scared.
Bernadette: It’s okay to be nervous. I am, too.
Howard: Thank God, ’cause I was lying, you might not have to wait nine months to see someone soil their pants. But I’m also really excited. I mean it.
Bernadette: Me, too.
Howard: I love you. Mmm. And I’m not just saying that because your breasts are gonna get bigger.
Scene: The same, later.
Penny (singing): Are we an item? Girl, quit playin’.
Amy (singing): We’re just friends, what are you sayin’?
Penny (singing): Say there’s another and look right in my eyes.
Amy (singing): My first love broke my heart for the first time.
Together: And I was like, baby, baby, baby, ooh, like, baby, baby, baby, no, like, baby, baby, baby, ooh, I thought you’d always be mine.
Scene: The same, later.
Howard (singing): Baby, I need your lovin’, got to have all your lovin’. Baby, I need your lovin’, got to have all your lovin’.
Scene: The same, later.
Raj (singing): Ooh, baby, baby, baby, baby. Ooh, baby, baby, baby, baby.
Leonard (singing): Ah, push it.
Bernadette: I appreciate this, but you really…
Leonard (singing): Push it real good.
Scene: The same, later.
Sheldon (singing): Land where my fathers died, land of the pilgrims’ pride, from every mountainside let freedom ring.
Scene: The same, later.
Howard: I’d like to dedicate my last song of the evening to my wife, best friend, and now the mother of our child. I love you, Bernie. (Singing) Havin’ my baby, what a lovely way of sayin’ how much you love me. Havin’ my baby, what a lovely way of sayin’ what you’re thinkin’ of me.
Sheldon: You’re kidding. What kind of maniacs have coitus in someone else’s bedroom?
Howard: Thank you, Pasadena. Good night.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: That was such a fun night.
Leonard: Probably ’cause you got to see your man up there rockin’ the mic.
Penny: Yeah, yeah. I was a little surprised when you decided to beat-box.
Leonard: Oh. That was really an asthma attack. I just sold it.
Penny: Well, I am so happy for Howard and Bernadette.
Leonard: Me, too. So, you ever think about it?
Penny: Babies? Well, I’m not in a rush but someday, yeah, sure. What about you?
Leonard: I think we’d make amazing parents.
Sheldon: Will you guys keep it down?
Penny: On the other hand, we might lack a certain maturity.
 								
			
				Scene: The stairwell
Amy: So Sheldon, there’s something I’ve been wanting to talk about but I know it’s kind of a touchy subject.
Leonard: Way to narrow it down to everything.
Sheldon: What is it?
Amy: Well, your birthday’s coming up, and you’ve never let us celebrate it, and I was hoping maybe this year we could.
Sheldon: Oh, I suppose that’s a discussion we could have.
Amy: Okay, great, I mean, it doesn’t have to be a big party or anything. I was just, where’d he go?
Penny: W, wait a minute. You mention his birthday and he vanishes?
Leonard: Well, where’s that information been this whole time?
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment. 
Penny: Well, where is he?
Amy: Sheldon?
Leonard: I’ll check his room.
Sheldon: Surprise.
Penny: Oh, my God.
Sheldon: Just one example of how birthdays can be terrible. Now, can we please drop this subject and pick a new one? I suggest how thick can a soup get before it becomes a stew? You know, the answer, it may surprise you.
Amy: I’m sorry I brought it up.
Penny: Yeah, what is the problem? Is it about getting older?
Sheldon: Please, look at this porcelain skin. I’m like a human sink.
Amy: But it’s the one day a year that’s just all about you.
Leonard: One day. Right.
Amy: Can you please just tell me why?
Sheldon: Fine. As you know, I have a twin sister with whom I obviously share a birthday. Every year we’d have a party. No one I invited would ever come, because they didn’t like me.
Amy: I’m sorry.
Sheldon: Oh, that part wasn’t so bad. I didn’t like them, either. But then I’d inevitably spend the whole day being tortured by my sister’s friends.
Penny: Oh, poor thing.
Sheldon: When I was six, they told me Batman was coming to my party. I waited by the door for hours. Closest thing to Batman I saw was when a robin flew into the window.
Amy: You realize none of those things would happen now?
Sheldon: I do, but why do you care if I celebrate my birthday at all?
Amy: Well, you made my last birthday so memorable, I wanted to return the favour.
Penny: You know, if you had a party now, you have plenty of friends that would love to come.
Leonard: And we live here, so we have no choice.
Penny: Yeah.
Sheldon: Very well. You may celebrate my life by throwing a party with cake, presents and a shower of admiration and love. But then you owe me big-time.
Scene: The comic book store.
Howard: You have any idea what you’re getting Sheldon for his birthday?
Raj: He’s been fascinated with dinosaurs lately. Maybe we could get him a fossil.
Leonard: Well, just don’t get anything Jurassic. He feels like that whole chunk of time has gone Hollywood. Hey, uh, you know, he told a sad story about how his sister tricked him into thinking Batman was coming to his party.
Howard: That’s funny. Let’s do that.
Leonard: Maybe we could get Batman to actually show up.
Raj: You mean, some guy in a lame suit?
Leonard: Or a real Batman. Hey, Stuart? Didn’t you try to get Adam West to do a signing here once?
Stuart: Yeah, but there was kind of a scheduling conflict. He, uh, wanted to know when he’d get paid. And I wouldn’t tell him.
Leonard: Can I get his contact info?
Stuart: Sure, uh, but just so you know, he’s kind of a diva.
Leonard: He is?
Stuart: Oh, yeah. Won’t take the bus. He won’t pack his own lunch. Won’t let you spend the night on his couch.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Okay, so how do you feel about party balloons?
Sheldon: Uh, Mylar balloons, yes. Latex balloons, no. Water balloons, I will jump off the roof and aim for your car.
Penny: All right, what about music?
Sheldon: I enjoy marching bands and Tibetan throat singing.
Penny: No music it is.
Bernadette: What kind of cake do you like?
Sheldon: Well, my favourite is chocolate with strawberry frosting, three layers, and if there’s writing on it, make sure it’s not all caps. I don’t need my dessert yelling at me.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Raj: Hey, so what was Adam West like on the phone?
Leonard: Uh, nice guy. But it was a little weird to hear Batman say don’t ring the doorbell or my poodles will go crazy.
Raj: You know, Adam West is my favourite Batman? Well, after Michael Keaton, Christian Bale and Batman from The Lego Movie.
Howard: Don’t say that to him.
Raj: What? He beat out George Clooney, and that’s something. Like, I love me some Clooney.
Leonard: Don’t say that to anyone.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Thank you so much for helping us, Stuart.
Stuart: Oh, I, I was just glad to be invited. To be honest, I don’t always feel like I’m part of the group.
Penny: Okay, sweetie, we’re on the clock here. Can you hate yourself and frost at the same time?
Barry: Hewwo, I hope I’m not too earwy.
Bernadette: No, no, no. Come on in.
Barry: And how is the wadiant mommy-to-be?
Bernadette: Doing great.
Stuart: You, you’re pregnant?
Bernadette: Yeah.
Stuart: Sounds like something a member of the group might know.
Penny: Yeah, birthday party first. Pity party later.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Leonard: Are you crazy? How can you put Michael Keaton in front of Christian Bale?
Adam West: Oh, please. Even my poodles know Bale’s overrated.
Raj: Thank you. That’s why I say Keaton’s number one. He brought a sense of humour to the role.
Adam: Oh, if you’re gonna factor in a sense of humour, then I should be at the top of the list. It should be me, Keaton, Kilmer, Lego, Bale, and that pretty boy Clooney.
Howard: Really? You’re ahead of Bale? The man who personified the words, I’m Batman.
Adam: I never had to say I’m Batman. I showed up, people knew I was Batman. Everywhere I went, on the TV show, mall openings, Julie Newmar’s bungalow.
Leonard: I’m sold, you’re ahead of Bale.
Adam: There’s another reason I should be higher on the list. All those other guys had muscles built into their costumes. All I had in my Batsuit was 100%, grade-A West.
Howard: Can we just all agree we’re worried about Affleck?
Leonard: Sure.
Raj: Yeah, of course.
Adam: What’s an Affleck?
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: Is there a reason I had to leave my own apartment?
Amy: Well, I think they just want you to see it for the first time all decorated.
Sheldon: But who’s gonna tell them they’re doing it wrong?
Amy: Well, I’m, I’m sure they’ll ask you to give a speech, and that’s when you just tear ’em a new one. Have to say, you, you do look good in that suit.
Sheldon: Oh. Thank you.
Amy: Maybe later I’ll, uh, get to see you in your birthday suit.
Sheldon: But this is my birthday suit. Are you having a stroke? Because that’s the kind of thing that just ruins a birthday party.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: So, Mother, I’m surprised you came all this way for Sheldon’s birthday.
Beverley: Oh, I was happy to. He did come to my 60th.
Leonard: Oh. You had a party for your 60th?
Beverley: Oh, I wouldn’t call it a party. Just a few close friends. And your sister and brother.
Penny: You know, to be fair, we did get married in Vegas and didn’t invite her.
Beverley: And I never did thank you for that, dear.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Amy: Oh. Penny says everyone’s there. Are you ready?
Sheldon: I am. Oh. Wait.
Amy: Are you all right?
Sheldon: No, I just, I got a little light-headed.
Amy: Oh, do you need a minute?
Sheldon: No. No, if I can walk past that pet shop with the parrot in the window, I suppose I can do this.
All: Happy birthday!
Leonard: Speech! Speech!
Raj: Come on, Sheldon, say something.
Sheldon: Uh, um, uh, thank you all so much for coming. Beverly. Wil Wheaton. Adam West, for some reason.
Leonard: Batman finally came to your party.
Adam: Happy birthday, Sherman.
Sheldon: Thank you. This is all so thoughtful. Excuse me.
Adam: I still get paid, don’t I?
Scene: A little later.
Leonard: Okay, I’d better go in there and talk to him.
Amy: Well, don’t you think I’m the one who should go in?
Leonard: No offence, but I’ve known the guy a really long time.
Amy: Well, I’ve, you know, seen him without pants on.
Leonard: Again, no offence, but so have I.
Amy: Well, he’s seen me without pants on.
Leonard: Again, no…
Penny: Okay, this is ridiculous. (Knocking) Sheldon? Can I come in?
Sheldon: How do you know I’m not using the facilities?
Penny: Because you e-mail me your bathroom schedule once a week, even though I’ve clicked unsubscribe, like, a thousand times. So, what’s going on?
Sheldon: I don’t know. I looked around the room, and I saw all the faces and the presents, and it, it was just too much.
Penny: I get that. Hey, you want to just bring a few people in here? You know, Wil Wheaton in the bathtub, Batman on the toilet. It’ll be like the weirdest Comic-Con ever.
Sheldon: I know that you worked hard to put this together. I’m sorry I’m ruining it.
Penny: Oh, pl, you’re not ruining it. Look, at some point, Raj will try to get everyone to do the Electric Slide. Now, that will ruin it.
Sheldon: I don’t think I can go back out there.
Penny: That’s fine. You know, I hate that your sister and her friends used to torture you. But what I hate even more is, if I was there, I would have tortured you, too.
Sheldon: Based on this pep talk, I’d say you’re still doing it.
Penny: My point is, there was a time I never would’ve been friends with someone like you, and now you are one of my favourite people. So, if what you need is to spend your birthday in a bathroom, I’m happy to do it with you.
Sheldon: Well, everyone will think I’m weird.
Penny: Sweetie, you are weird. Everyone knows you’re weird, but they’re all still here because they care about you so much.
Barry (knocking): Hewwo. Some of us need to check our hair because we might have a shot with Weonard’s mother.
Scene: Later. 
Leslie Winkle: Leonard.
Leonard: Hey.
Leslie: It’s been a while.
Leonard: Leslie. I can’t remember the last time we talked. So much has changed.
Leslie: Has it?
Leonard: Yeah, uh, um, Penny and I got married.
Leslie: Wow, congratulations. You know, actually, I thought you’d be living with Sheldon forever.
Leonard: Yeah, well, don’t be a stranger.
Penny: Okay, everybody, Sheldon is gonna come back out, but I think he’s a little embarrassed, so let’s all be extra nice, okay?
Barry: What are you wooking at me for? I’m a saint. But a sinner in the sack.
Sheldon: Hello, everyone. I, I’d like to apologize for my behaviour. I hope it hasn’t put a damper on the party. So, please, enjoy yourselves. Oh, this is quickly getting out of hand.
Amy: If I may, I, I’d like to propose a toast. Um, thank you all for coming tonight. I know it’s customary for the birthday boy to receive presents, but I feel like I got the greatest gift the day he was born.
General cheers.
Sheldon: Aw, Amy, that was lovely. You know, this is fun. Let’s do more. Someone else say something wonderful about me.
Howard: Sheldon, I don’t think everyone…
Sheldon: Wolowitz, perfect. Everyone listen to Wolowitz.
Howard: Okay, then, uh, Sheldon, we’ve known each other a long time. And it is a pleasure to work with you and call you my friend.
Sheldon: Little generic. Keep thinking. We’ll circle back. Wil Wheaton, go.
Wil: Sheldon, I know that we’ve had our ups and downs, but I can honestly say that my life is so much more interesting because you are in it. We may have met because you are a fan of Star Trek. But I have become a fan of Sheldon Cooper. Live long and prosper, buddy. And happy birthday.
General cheers.
Sheldon: That’s how you do it, Wolowitz. Now you see why he’s famous and you’re not.
Beverley: Sheldon, I know the future holds great things for you, and we all can’t wait to see what they are. Happy birthday, dear.
General cheers.
Barry: Someone caw Animal Contwol. There’s a cougar on the woose.
Beverley: Barry, stop.
Leonard: Seriously, Barry, stop.
Raj: And it was Gandhi who said, live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Sheldon: And it was Sheldon Cooper who said let’s speed this up. A lot of people want to talk.
Leslie: Uh, in the past, I would’ve said something obnoxious, like, happy birthday, dumbass. But I’m not gonna do it. You and I have both grown a lot, and it’s just so nice to see you all again. So, happy birthday, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh. Oh, now, you know I hate change. Say it.
Leslie: Happy birthday, dumbass.
General cheers.
Adam: Happy birthday, young man. And if any of you have enjoyed seeing me here today, I’m also available for Comic-Cons, bachelor parties, bar mitzvahs…
Bernadette: I can’t think of anything to say that hasn’t already been said, so, here’s to you, Sheldon.
General cheers.
Sheldon: Thank you, Bernadette. That was perfect.
Howard: What? You gotta be kidding me?
Leonard: Sheldon, we’ve been together so long, it’s hard to remember a time you weren’t in my life. And believe me, I try. You make me laugh. You make me a better scientist. You make me crazy. You’re more than just my roommate, you’re my brother.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Leonard: Happy birthday, buddy.
General cheers.
Sheldon: Thank you. That, that was wonderful.
Penny: Oh, wait, wait, wait. Stuart didn’t get to speak.
Stuart: Oh, oh, okay. Um, uh, Sheldon, I’ve spent most of my life feeling invisible, but having you and everyone…
Amy: Hey, everybody, listen up.
Penny: You nailed it.
Amy: We’ve got someone who couldn’t be here but really wanted to wish you a happy birthday.
Stephen Hawking (on Skype): Hello, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Professor Hawking.
Stephen: Happy birthday to you.
Sheldon: Thank you so much. I can’t believe you’re…
Stephen: Happy birthday to you.
Sheldon: Oh, you’re singing. Well, I’m sorry.
Stephen: Happy birthday, dear Sheldon.
Leonard: Uh, Professor Hawking, if you just give us one second, we’ll light the candles, and we can all sing together.
Stephen: I was crushing it, but all right.
Penny: Okay, while they get the cake, Sheldon, I just want to say, I hope you didn’t think you were gonna get through tonight without a hug.
Sheldon: You know, I used to hate these hugs. Now they’re just extremely irritating.
Leonard: Ready when you are, Professor Hawking.
Stephen: And a one, and a two…
All: Happy birthday to you,
Happy birthday to you,
Happy birthday, dear Sheldon,
Happy birthday to you.
General cheers.
Adam: So, who’s taking me home?
 								
			
				Following a “previously on” sequence.
Scene: Outside the University legal office.
Howard: Okay, I gotta ask, why are you wearing a bow tie?
Sheldon: I’ve never applied for a patent before. I wanted to make a good impression.
Howard: Is the impression that your first name is Pee-Wee?
Sheldon: Yeah, well, you’re an engineer. End of joke, burn.
Attorney: Come on in, fellas.
Howard: See, he’s not wearing a tie.
Leonard: Well, he’s a patent attorney. Maybe his tie is pending.
Attorney: So, I’ve reviewed your paperwork, and it seems like we’ve got everything we need to file a patent for your infinite persistence gyroscope.
Sheldon: That’s great.
Howard: Excellent.
Leonard: So what happens next?
Attorney: Well, the legal team needs to review existing patents to avoid overlap.
Howard: Oh, I don’t think there will be.
Leonard: Yeah, we did our own search.
Attorney: That’s nice, but I think ours might be a bit more thorough.
Sheldon: Get a load of this guy.
Howard: Can you imagine if we make money with this?
Leonard: If we do, I am splurging on the best sinus irrigator money can buy.
Howard: That old sad story, guy gets a little money, goes straight up his nose.
Attorney: Just need you to review and sign this document acknowledging that you understand the university will own 75% of the patent.
Howard: Seventy-five percent?
Sheldon: That’s outrageous. This is our idea based on our research. How can you possibly justify owning a majority share?
Attorney: It’s university policy.
Sheldon: I know when I’m beat.
Leonard: Hold on, hold on. So the three of us do all the work and only end up with 25%?
Attorney: Dr. Hofstadter, this university has been paying your salaries for over ten years. Did you think we do that out of the goodness of our hearts?
Leonard: Well, until you just said that mean thing, kinda.
Attorney: And as far as Mr. Wolowitz is concerned, I’m afraid as a federal employee on loan from NASA, your name can be on the patent, but you’re not entitled to an ownership share.
Howard: Wait, so this can turn out to be a financial success, and I get nothing?
Attorney: Well, sometimes they give you a plaque.
Sheldon: Well, that’s not fair. We should all get plaques.
Leonard: Sorry, but we can’t sign this.
Howard: Come on, let’s go.
Leonard: Thank you for your time.
Sheldon: Couple of questions about the plaque.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Amy: So, have you been having any morning sickness?
Bernadette: A little. And it doesn’t help that I’ve got this heightened sense of smell.
Penny: Is that a pregnancy thing?
Bernadette: Yeah. The other day I sniffed out where Howie hid the Girl Scout cookies. No more Tagalongs, my ass.
Penny: But now you’ll be able to make your own milk to eat the cookies with.
Raj: Hey, guys. Hey, Penny. I really appreciate you helping me with this. I don’t know what to do.
Penny: Oh, sure. Let me see it.
Amy: See what?
Raj: I hadn’t spoken to Emily since I broke up with her, and she left this on my doorstep with a note.
Penny: Raj, I got you this before we split up, but couldn’t return it and thought you’d like to have it. Happy belated Valentine’s Day, Emily.
Bernadette: That’s nice.
Penny: Nice, or is she trying to manipulate him?
Raj: I know. I mean, do I open it? Do I return it?
Amy: Why wouldn’t you open it?
Raj: Well, she was pretty mad. For all I know it’s a voodoo doll of me with a fork stuck in my junk.
Bernadette: You don’t think she’d actually send you something gross or dangerous, do you?
Penny: I know one way to find out. Sniff this.
Amy: She’s pregnant, she’s not a bloodhound.
Bernadette: Although I am getting a little machine oil. I think it’s metal.
Penny: Come on, just open it.
Raj: You know, on Game of Thrones, Balon Greyjoy received his son’s genitals in a box.
Penny: Well, never hurts to have a spare.
Bernadette: What is that?
Raj: Wow. It’s an antique sextant. Sailors used these to find their position by the stars.
Amy: What a nice gift for an astrophysicist.
Raj: I know, she’s so thoughtful.
Penny: See, she’s trying to get you back. Now, that is exactly what I would’ve gotten you if I had any idea what it is or what you do.
Raj: You know, I have too much self-esteem to let this girl guilt me into getting back together with her.
Amy: You don’t need to be pregnant to smell that load of crap.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Well, what if we go around the university and just get the patent ourselves?
Howard: We can’t. It says on their Web site, as long as we work there, they have a controlling ownership of anything we come up with.
Sheldon: Great, so they own my idea for a T-shirt that says Dumb as a Bag of Geologists.
Leonard: Well, our choices are we do this with the university or we don’t do it at all.
Howard: Either way, I get nothing.
Leonard: Or, if we ended up making money from this, Sheldon and I could split our shares with you.
Sheldon: To be clear, Leonard is referring to the gyroscope, not the T-shirt and mugs. Oh, now they own the mugs.
Howard: I guess that is a way around this. You guys would be cool doing it like that?
Leonard: Of course, we can split any profits three ways.
Sheldon: I’m fine with that.
Howard: Okay, great.
Sheldon: It sounds like a, uh, contract might be in order.
Leonard: Sure, we could write something up.
Sheldon: But which one of us should be the party who…
Howard: You can do it, Sheldon.
Sheldon: So stipulated.
Leonard: Once I found a stash of contracts under his bed. It was weird.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Bernadette: I wonder how much she spent on this.
Amy: Ooh, let’s find out.
Raj: It doesn’t matter. It’s the thought that counts.
Penny: Yeah, yeah, and beauty’s on the inside, size doesn’t matter, how much she spend?
Raj: Seriously, guys, I don’t want to know.
Amy: Oh, my.
Raj: Oh, come on, you can’t say oh my, and then not tell me.
Amy: These things go for five hundred dollars and up.
Bernadette: Damn. All I got for Valentine’s Day was a postcard saying my Vermont Teddy Bear was back-ordered.
Penny: Okay, so, she drops off a five hundred dollar gift and she’s not trying to get back together with you?
Raj: Maybe you’re right.
Bernadette: Or she’s telling the truth and just being nice.
Raj: Maybe you’re right. Wow, I am easy to manipulate. (Phone rings) Oh, guys, it’s Emily. What should I do?
Penny: Okay, answer it. Just be strong. And if she starts to cry, don’t make any promises. And most importantly, put it on speaker so we can hear.
Raj: Hello?
Emily (voice): Hey, it’s Emily. Is this a good time?
Raj: Yeah, yeah. Sure. What’s up?
Emily: Was it okay I left that gift? I’m really hoping we can be friends.
Raj: Maybe, maybe.
Emily: Um, you think you’d want to grab a cup of coffee? Hello?
Raj: I’m sorry, I seem to be taking an annoying amount of time deciding how I feel about this.
Emily: I just, I miss hanging out with you. It’s not like I lost a friend, it’s like I lost my best friend. Is there any chance you’d want to come over?
Raj: I’m sorry, I don’t think that’s a good idea.
Emily: Okay. I’m just, I’m having a really hard time, but that’s not your problem, that’s mine. I, I won’t bother you again, but please know that you’ll always have a place in my heart. Bye, Raj. You’re a good guy.
Raj: Good-bye, Emily. That was rough, you guys.
Penny: I know, but you did it. I’m so proud of you.
Raj: Well, anyway, I’ll leave you to your girls’ night.
Amy: Are you sure you don’t want to stay here with us?
Raj: No, I kind of feel like being alone right now.
Bernadette: Well, if you change your mind, we’ll be here.
Raj: Thank you.
Penny: Say hi to Emily for us.
Raj: Will do.
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: This contract looks good to me.
Sheldon: I’ll say it looks good. It’s in my proprietary font, Shelvetica.
Leonard: I want to say something obnoxious, but it is easy on the eyes.
Bernadette: I’m a little tired, Howie. You ready to go?
Howard: Yeah, one sec. I just need to sign this contract.
Bernadette: What is it?
Howard: Well, we ran into a problem about my share of the patent, so we’re forming a partnership to split anything we make equally.
Penny: Sheldon, did you draft the contract?
Sheldon: You bet I did.
Penny: Ooh. You’re gonna make out so hard tonight.
Bernadette: So, you’re just gonna sign this without having a lawyer look at it?
Sheldon: Excuse me. I’ve been drafting contracts since kindergarten. Didn’t need a lawyer to get me out of finger painting. Don’t need one now.
Bernadette: I know, but…
Howard: Bernie, the guys were nice enough to find a way to keep me from being cut out.
Bernadette: Well, I should hope so. The whole thing was your idea.
Amy: Well, to be fair, Howard’s idea was based on Sheldon’s math.
Leonard: Guys, everyone is involved in thios, okay? Howard’s invention, Sheldon’s math, my original theory that space-time was like a supercooled liquid. Which I’m sure Penny would’ve mentioned if she wasn’t working on that hangnail right now.
Penny: What?
Howard: Honey, this is fine.
Bernadette: If you want to sign a contract that Sheldon whipped up, go ahead.
Howard: Can I talk to you in the hall?
Bernadette: Sure.
Howard: Excuse us.
Sheldon: Hey, Leonard.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: If she doesn’t think that we should apply for this patent, she’s being patently absurd.
Leonard: Good one.
Sheldon: Okay, you got it. See, I was afraid it was a thinker.
Howard: What are you doing?
Bernadette: I just want to make sure you’ve thought this through.
Howard: What’s to think about? We have an invention and want to move forward.
Bernadette: Howie, you’re about to form a legal partnership with Sheldon Cooper.
Howard: All right, if you’re gonna calmly make excellent points, then I don’t know if I want to talk to you. Okay. I get it. And it’s sweet that you’re worried about me, but I can take care of myself.
Bernadette: I’m not worried about you. I’m worried about me. I don’t want to go through this pregnancy listening to you complain about Sheldon driving you crazy more than you already do.
Howard: Here we go with the ironclad logic again.
Bernadette: You’ve tried to work with him before. It hasn’t gone well. Why is this time gonna be any different?
Howard: Is the foetus helping you? ‘Cause that’s cheating.
Scene: Raj’s car.
Raj (answering phone): Hello?
Claire: Hey, Raj. It’s Claire. How are you?
Raj: Hi. I’m good. Really good. Well, I don’t know why I said really good. I’m just regular good. I really just wanted to sound confident. And that really was a real really, not a fake really like the first really.
Claire: Really?
Raj: I don’t know. I lost track and I missed my exit. So, uh, so what’s up?
Claire: Well, last time we talked, I had just gotten back together with my boyfriend, and I wanted to let you know that things didn’t work out.
Raj: Really? I’m sorry. I swear I know other words.
Claire: So if you were still interested.
Raj: Yes. Indeed. Absolutely. Indubitably. I’m not even sure what the last one means, but it’s another word, and I know it. So, uh, when do you want to meet up?
Claire: Uh, I’m almost off work. What are you doing now?
Raj: Right now, well, well, actually, to, to be completely honest, I’m stopping by to see my ex-girlfriend because she’s having a tough time. But it’s not like we’re getting back together or anything.
Claire: Let me guess, the worst part about breaking up is that she doesn’t have her best friend to talk to any more?
Raj: That’s exactly what she said. How do you know that?
Claire: I’m a girl. It’s, like, page one out of the playbook.
Raj: Any chance you could send me a PDF of that playbook?
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: They’ve been out there a while.
Amy: I hope everything’s okay.
Sheldon: I wonder what they’re talking about.
Penny: If you guys would shut up, I could tell you. Oh. Be cool, be cool, be cool.
Howard: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello.
Leonard: You guys all right?
Howard: Yeah. But, um, we were talking, and I’m a little concerned about the three of us forming a partnership.
Sheldon: Are you suggesting a limited liability corporation? ‘Cause I did not L-L-see that coming.
Howard: Sheldon, my concern is not with the money or anything. It’s, it’s with how you treat me.
Sheldon: Well, I believe I’m treating you generously. That’s why I’ve stipulated in the contract that your contributions to our invention are as valuable as my own.
Bernadette: Are you saying that his contributions aren’t as valuable as yours?
Sheldon: No, I am not saying that, because I kept saying that this morning and Leonard said stop saying that.
Howard: See? This is what happens every time we work together.
Penny: You know what, hang on. What if Sheldon had no choice but to be respectful?
Leonard: What? Is there a switch on the back of his neck we don’t know about?
Penny: No. What I’m saying is you could add a clause to the contract that he can’t make fun of Howard.
Bernadette: How would you enforce it?
Sheldon: Oh, please. Any contract I sign is enforced by my own personal code of ethics.
Amy: And his obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Sheldon: Yeah, that, too. And scoot over. Part of your shadow’s on my spot.
Leonard: Howard, what do you think?
Howard: I’m on board.
Sheldon: I’ll add it right now. Oh, baby, it’s addendum time.
Scene: Raj’s car.
Emily (voice): Hello?
Raj: Hey, Emily, listen, I’ve been thinking, and I’m not sure it’s a good idea that I come over.
Emily: Oh. Okay. I understand.
Raj: No, no. Please don’t cry.
Emily: Okay, I’ll stop.
fade
Claire: Hello?
Raj: Hey, so, listen, Claire, change of plans…
Claire: Fine. Do what you want, but she’s playing you.
Raj: I don’t think so. She sounded pretty upset.
Claire: You mean like, I was just really looking forward to seeing you. I’m having such a rough day.
fade
Raj: Emily, listen, I’m sorry, but I can’t come by.
Emily: Why not?
Raj: I think we both know if I come over, we’re gonna get back together and…
Emily: I told you I needed a friend. What do you think is happening here?
Raj: Call you right back.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: The, the revisions I made start on page four.
Penny: Wow. That is a lot of whereupons.
Amy: You should see the Valentine’s Day card he gave me.
Howard: Article three, as it pertains to this project, Dr. Sheldon Cooper promises to abstain from all insulting or disrespectful language directed toward Howard Wolowitz, including but not limited to mockery of engineering, his height, his hair, his wardrobe, and his insane belief that the Ghost Rider movie was, quote, not that bad.
Leonard: Hang on. Maybe there should be a no insult clause about me, too.
Sheldon: Do you still like cilantro?
Leonard: Yeah.
Sheldon: You’re tying my hands here.
Howard: All right, let’s sign this.
Penny: Wait, wait, wait. What are these changes on page six?
Amy: Sheldon, what did you do?
Howard: I should’ve known.
Bernadette: 25% of profits due to Sheldon Cooper will be allocated to a scholarship fund for the firstborn child of Howard and Bernadette Wolowitz. Sheldon, that’s so nice.
Leonard: That beats the onesie I was gonna get them from baby Gap.
Howard: That’s very generous, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, I’ve always valued education over money. And the very fact that you needed a written guarantee of respect made me realize how dismissive I’ve been of your contributions.
Howard: I appreciate that.
Sheldon: And I just hope that this scholarship can rescue your child from the subpar education and menial life of an engineer.
Amy: Sheldon.
Sheldon: What? I didn’t sign it yet.
Scene: Raj’s car.
Raj: I hear what you’re saying, but I’ve known Emily a long time, and I think she deserves the benefit of the doubt.
Claire: All right, it’s your life. But you know how this is gonna end.
Raj: As a matter of fact, I do. I’m gonna comfort her, because I’m a caring and decent friend who’s happy to be there when she needs someone to talk to.
Scene: Emily’s bed.
Raj: Good talk.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Amy (on Skype): I didn’t understand your e-mail.
Sheldon: Uh, can you repeat that? You’re breaking up.
Amy: I didn’t understand your e-mail.
Sheldon: Ah. Yeah, I had to get a little creative because the S, R and M keys on my laptop stopped working.
Amy: Deaw Aby, could you pleathe dwive be to the twain thtow thubtibe tobowow?
Sheldon: So, is that a yes?
Amy: Sheldon, why don’t you get a new computer? You know that one’s out-of-date.
Sheldon: Oh, but I like this computer.
Amy: The video is failing, and the sound is cutting out.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, I didn’t get that.
Amy: The video is failing, and the sound is cutting out.
Sheldon: The sound is cutting out. I can’t read that. The video is failing.
Amy: Get a new computer.
Sheldon: What?
Amy: Get a new computer.
Sheldon: What? (Answering phone) Hello?
Amy (on phone) Get a new computer.
Credits sequence. 
Scene: Howard’s workshop.
Leonard: This is cool. When was the last time you and I built something together?
Howard: Scientifically? A little over a year ago. LEGOs? Last week in my room.
Leonard: If there was a Nobel Prize for Millennium Falcons that fall apart when you pick them up, we’d be set.
Penny: Hey, guys.
Leonard: Hey. What are you doing here?
Bernadette: We heard there were some sexy scientists working hard all weekend.
Penny: Yup, so we brought you some lunch and we are gonna go look for ’em.
Leonard: Soup, sandwiches and emasculation, just like my mom used to make.
Penny: So, how’s it goin’?
Leonard: Good. Slow.
Howard: There’s a lot of tedious setup, but once we get through that it should go quicker.
Penny: Is there anything we can do to help?
Leonard: You know what, this part isn’t that technical. You actually could.
Penny: Wow, really? Called my bluff. All righty then.
Bernadette: Can we really help?
Howard: While we finish soldering these boards, it’d be great if you guys could wrap these pipe fittings with Teflon tape.
Leonard: I’ll show you how to do one.
Penny: Hey, wouldn’t it be funny if after all your years of hard work, I’m the one who makes a scientific breakthrough? He doesn’t think that’s funny.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: I got here as quickly as I could.
Sheldon: You’re too late.
Amy: Sheldon, this is silly.
Sheldon: You got emotional when that lab monkey died.
Amy: That lab monkey told me he loved me in sign language.
Sheldon: Great. Now I’m gonna have that song in my head all day.
Amy: Look, I’m, I’m sorry for your loss, but I think I have something that might make you feel better. I got you a new computer.
Sheldon: How could you do that?
Amy: Do what?
Sheldon: Choosing a new laptop Is an incredibly personal ritual. You have taken away weeks of agonizing thought, tedious research, sleepless nights filled with indecision. I, haven’t I lost enough today?
Amy: Well, the guy at the store said this one is great.
Sheldon: Oh, oh, the guy. Oh, pardon me. I didn’t realize you’d spoken to the guy. Yeah, tell me, did the guy choose one with a 4K display and a Thunderbolt port?
Amy: Yes.
Sheldon: Yeah? Did the guy make sure that this has a one terabyte solid-state drive?
Amy: Yes.
Sheldon: Yeah? Oh, well, was this guy Rick from Computer Solutions on Colorado?
Amy: Yes.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, he does know his stuff.
Scene: Howard’s workshop.
Leonard: After you wrap the body in reflective tape, the ends get Teflon tape so we can get a tight seal.
Penny: Like this?
Leonard: Yeah, perfect.
Penny: Oh.
Leonard: And it helps to have small, delicate fingers. So don’t be discouraged if you can’t do it as fast as me and Howard.
Howard: I don’t know if we have enough solder to finish these circuit boards.
Leonard: We had a full spool yesterday.
Howard: What can I say, I play hard, I solder even harder.
Bernadette: Sometimes he solders at home with his shirt off. It’s like a beer commercial.
Leonard: Well, we got to make a run to the hardware store.
Penny: How can you call yourself a scientist and run out of solder?
Leonard: Well, funny story. So, we have plenty of the 60/40 tin-to-lead ratio solder, but the spools look a lot like the 63/37 tin-to-lead…
Penny: Honey, honey, honey, let me stop you. That is, is not a funny story.
Howard: You want to come with us?
Bernadette: I’m kind of getting into the groove here.
Penny: Yeah, you guys run to the store and let the women handle the science for a change.
Leonard: Okay. We’ll be back as soon as we can.
Penny: Okay, so what is solder?
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: I suppose I should set this up. Or would you like to rob me of that, too?
Amy: Knock it off or I’ll start making W-H sounds for words that just have a W.
Sheldon: You wouldn’t.
Amy: Whatch me.
Sheldon: Fine. I’m sorry. Thank you for the thoughtful gift. I really do appreciate it. As you know, I had become attached to my old laptop. But I’m sure, in time, that this one will… Jeepers creepers, that started up fast.
Amy: I thought you might like it.
Sheldon: Look at the 4K resolution. Next time we Skype, I’m gonna count all those nostril hairs.
Amy: Or you could just look into my eyes.
Sheldon: But you only have two eyes. You got a lot of nostril hairs.
Amy: Well, you know, as long as you’re happy.
Sheldon: Oh. I am.
Amy: And Rick said you could bring in your old one to recycle it.
Sheldon: Oh. Uh, no, no, no, thank you.
Amy: Oh, but he said you can get store credit.
Sheldon: Well, no, I just, I, I don’t want to recycle it. And I don’t want store credit.
Amy: But why wouldn’t…
Sheldon: Can we please change the subject?
Amy: Okay. How ’bout we change it to why you’re being weird about this?
Sheldon: I’m not being weird. I, it’s hard to explain.
Amy: Sheldon, just tell me.
Sheldon: It might be easier to show you.
Amy: Okay.
Sheldon: We’d have to take your car.
Amy: All right.
Sheldon: And I’m gonna need you to sign a non-disclosure agreement.
Amy: Well, I signed one before we slept together. Why not now?
Scene: A street.
Leonard: Penny says they’re having fun working on the prototype.
Howard: Remember when her fun was nightclubs and drinking games?
Leonard: I know. I’m lowering the bar so slowly. This time next year she’ll have a coin collection.
Man: Excuse me. You guys interested in a free screening of an upcoming movie?
Leonard: Oh. Sorry, we can’t.
Howard: Well, hang on. What movie is it?
Man: Oh, I can’t tell you. But it does star Will Smith.
Howard: Wait. I bet it’s Suicide Squad. Let’s check it out.
Leonard: What about the girls?
Howard: Penny just said they’re having fun. Honestly, you want to wrap tape around a bunch of pipe fittings all afternoon?
Leonard: Okay, we’ll take ’em. But, I swear, if it’s Will Smith in Shark Tale 2, it better be at least as good as the original.
Scene: Howard’s workshop.
Penny: I mean, it’s crazy, isn’t it? I moved here from Nebraska to be an actress, and now I’m sitting in an engineering lab at Caltech helping to build a prototype for a high-tech guidance system.
Bernadette: It is crazy. It’s also crazy that I’ve made fourteen of these and you’ve made three.
Raj: Hey. Where are the guys?
Penny: Oh, they went to the store to get solder, which is metal you melt to make science things.
Bernadette: Since when do you work on weekends?
Raj: I’m an astrophysicist. The stars don’t take a day off.
Penny: You were home alone and had no one to play with?
Raj: Well, the cleaning lady was there, but she doesn’t like me. You need any help?
Bernadette: Not with Lightning McQueen here.
Penny: I think we’re good.
Raj: Okay. That’s cool. I guess everybody’s involved in this project but me. So, see ya.
Bernadette: I feel bad. Should we have asked him to stay?
Raj (from outside): Yes.
Scene: Amy’s car.
Amy: Will you please tell me where we’re going?
Sheldon: Sorry, you’re on a need-to-know basis.
Amy: I’m driving the car. I need to know.
Sheldon: Right.
Amy: So where are we going?
Sheldon: No, I meant turn right, and you missed it. Maybe you do need to know.
Scene: The cinema.
Leonard: What are we gonna tell the girls?
Howard: It’s not a problem.
Leonard: I mean without lying.
Howard: And now you’ve made it a problem.
Leonard: Come on. We’re a couple of smart guys. I’m sure we can come up with a way to explain this that doesn’t make us look bad.
Penny (at Howard’s workshop, reading text): Oh, the boys had to drive all the way to San Bernardino for the solder and got a flat.
Leonard: They bought it.
Howard: But we’re gonna have to put the spare on before we go back.
Leonard: Oh, you’re good at this.
Howard: Well, I lie a lot.
Man: Hey, guys, thank you for being a part of our test screening. You’re about to be one of the first audiences to see Suicide Squad.
Leonard: Hey, you were right.
Howard: Well, I keep telling you, good things happen to bad people.
Man: Uh, we’re gonna get started in a couple minutes. Enjoy.
Leonard: Who are you texting?
Howard: Raj. He really wants to see this movie.
Leonard: He’ll never make it in time.
Howard: I know. I want to make him feel bad.
Leonard: Ha, ha. Leonard and I are about to see Suicide Squad. Spoiler alert, when I see you I’m gonna spoil it. You’re a good friend.
Raj (at the workshop): Okay. Would you ladies please leave the room for a moment?
Penny: Why?
Raj: I need to rub my genitals on their prototype.
Bernadette: What’s going on?
Raj: Leonard and Howard don’t have a flat. They went to the movies. Look.
Penny: Un-freakin’ believable.
Bernadette: Son of a bitch.
Raj: Oh. You know what? I’m gonna let them know that I’m here with you and that they’re busted.
Penny: No. You know what? Don’t. Don’t. Let’s let them think they’re getting away with it.
Bernadette: Yeah, let’s see how deep a hole they can dig for themselves.
Penny: Mm-hmm.
Raj: Interesting. I mean, it’s not testicles on a cryostat, but I like it.
Scene: A storage facility.
Amy: Why do you have a storage unit?
Sheldon: Just wait.
Amy: How long have you had it?
Sheldon: Just wait.
Amy: Do you want me to hold that computer?
Sheldon: Just wait. You know what? Actually, yes, thank you. Welcome to my Fortress of Shame.
Amy: I’m sorry. What, what am I looking at?
Sheldon: It’s basically everything I’ve ever owned. Um, every book, every tee shirt, every piece of broken electronics. Just all of it.
Amy: All of it?
Sheldon: I have a Ziploc bag filled with all my old Ziploc bags.
Amy: Okay. Well, I would like to tell you that there is nothing here to be ashamed of. So I’m gonna need a minute.
Scene: Howard’s workshop.
Penny: All right, how are we gonna play this when they return?
Raj: I know. You guys should totally be making out with me.
Penny: Sweetie, I know you think jokes like that are funny, but do you really think you could handle making out with both of us?
Raj: No, ma’am.
Bernadette: Okay. Okay, how about this? They don’t know you’re here with us, so you hide in the closet. When they show up, we’ll hear whatever their dumb story is about where they were, we’ll pretend to believe them and just when they think they got away with it, you jump out.
Penny: Yeah, that’s pretty good.
Raj: I love it, I’ll be all like, busted, and they’ll be like, what? And then we’ll all be like, oh yeah. Yeah, I get it. I wouldn’t make out with me, either.
Scene: The storage unit.
Sheldon: In here is every clock radio I’ve ever owned. Calculators, VHS tapes. Yeah. Oh. Sporting equipment.
Amy: You have sporting equipment?
Sheldon: Well, oh, it’s just a, it’s a, a golf ball that my brother threw at my head. You can still feel the dent. It’s right next to the hockey puck dent.
Amy: Okay, why do you have a bin of pine cones?
Sheldon: I used to collect them as a child. The spiral of scales open in the Fibonacci sequence. A fact that, when you tell your brother, gets a golf ball thrown at your head.
Amy: So, why do you feel you need to save these things?
Sheldon: I’d like to say it’s nostalgia, but every time I think of throwing anything away, my ears start to ring, and I get butterflies in my stomach. And then it feels like the butterflies get eaten by rats, and then the, the rats get eaten by…
Amy: Okay. I get it. I get it.
Sheldon: It ends with dinosaurs. I’m sorry if you think less of me.
Amy: I don’t.
Sheldon: Really? ‘Cause every time I come in here, I think less of me.
Amy: Why?
Sheldon: Because I’m a fraud. No. I purport to be a man of the mind. I’ve been such a, a vocal champion of the singularity, but how can I leave my body behind and become one with the internet when I’ve never even thrown a toothbrush away?
Amy: It’s okay, Sheldon. You know, I’ve saved a lot of weird things, too.
Sheldon: Like what?
Amy: Well, um, did you know I have a microscope slide with a little bit of tissue from the first brain I ever dissected?
Sheldon: I have an old teddy bear I secretly wiped my nose on for years.
Amy: It’s not a contest.
Scene: Howard’s workshop.
Penny: Okay, here they come.
Bernadette: Go hide.
Raj: Oh, man, when I come out of the closet, I’m gonna nail those guys. Yeah, I heard it. Shut up.
Leonard: Hey.
Howard: Hi.
Penny: Hey, what’s this?
Leonard: Listen, we did a stupid thing.
Howard: We went to a movie and lied about it, but we feel bad and want to make it up to you.
Leonard: So, these are for you, and if you’re not too mad, we’d love to take you guys to dinner.
Howard: Yeah. Anywhere you want.
Bernadette: Oh. Well, thank you for being honest.
Penny: Yeah. You know, I want to be upset, but we did kind of have fun working on the prototype.
Raj (inside cupboard): Don’t forgive them. Stay mad at them.
Howard: What is he doing in there?
Raj: Busting you.
Bernadette: It’s okay. They apologized.
Penny: Yeah, it’s fine.
Raj: Well this is kind of anti-climactic.
Howard: You know what wasn’t anti-climactic? The end of the movie. Get this.
Raj: No spoilers. No spoilers.
Penny: And he’s back in the closet.
Howard: Ready for dinner?
Penny: Yeah.
Bernadette: Should we invite Raj?
Raj (in cupboard): Yes.
Scene: The storage unit.
Amy: So, no one else knows about this?
Sheldon: Only you.
Amy: Thank you for trusting me.
Sheldon: What good is having a girlfriend if you can’t unload your psychological sewage on her?
Amy: That’s me, your emotional outhouse. You know, if you ever decide you want to do something about this, I’m, I’m here for you.
Sheldon: Thank you. I wouldn’t even know how to begin.
Amy: Baby steps, I guess.
Sheldon: I suppose I could try getting rid of the golf ball.
Amy: Oh. Okay.
Sheldon: I will always have the dent to remember it by.
Amy: You did it. Do you feel okay?
Sheldon: Actually, yes. I do.
Amy: Well, I’m proud of you.
Sheldon: Thanks.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: I’m glad I told you about the storage unit.
Amy: Well, I feel closer to you now.
Sheldon: Oh, I feel closer to you, too. You know, it’s still a couple of hours until my bedtime.
Amy: What did you have in mind?
Scene: The same, shortly afterwards.
Sheldon: You look amazing. I mean, this resolution is remarkable.
Amy (on Skype): I really had to go home for this?
Sheldon: Yes, but it’s like you’re right here in the room.
Amy: And yet, I’m not.
Sheldon: But I feel like I could reach out and touch you.
Amy: And yet, you can’t.
Sheldon: I know.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment (initially inside a virtual reality device)
Sheldon: It’s nice to get back to nature. Why don’t I do this more often? What a beautiful forest. Hello, little butterfly. What’s your Na-oh!
Leonard: Whatcha doing?
Sheldon: I was enjoying some virtual reality, until you ruined it with your actual face.
Penny: What am I smelling?
Sheldon: Oh, it’s car air freshener. I was simulating the smell of the forest.
Penny: That’s not what the forest smells like.
Sheldon: Well, how would I know?
Leonard: Why are you pretending to be outdoors? You hate it.
Sheldon: Hmm? Oh. Amy showed me a compelling study that demonstrated the cognitive benefit of spending time in the wilderness.
Leonard: Buddy, I am ready to drive you into the wilderness any time you want and leave you there.
Sheldon: Well, make your jokes, but some of the participants who spent four days in the woods away from all technology reported a fifty percent gain in reasoning skills upon their return.
Penny: Okay, if that’s true, why aren’t there more genius squirrels?
Sheldon: You may need this more than I do.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Here’s your tea.
Sheldon: Oh. Do not sneak up on a guy when he’s sitting on a log.
Amy: You know, if you really want to be in nature, why don’t we rent a cabin?
Sheldon: Look, I’m sorry, when did you even get here? I…
Penny: You know, there’s a cabin in Big Bear that a doctor I work with keeps offering me.
Leonard: Because he’s hitting on you?
Penny: She.
Leonard: Oh, good.
Penny: But I could get her.
Amy: We could all go for the weekend. It’ll be fun.
Sheldon: Excuse me. Here, look up fun, get back to me.
Leonard: You and I could still go and have a nice weekend.
Penny: Sure.
Amy: Come on, Sheldon, let’s go with them.
Sheldon: I hardly think so. You be sure and say hello to all the mosquitoes, bees, bears, snakes, possums, poison oak, oh, and last, but not least, teenagers with guitars.
Penny: I’ll see if it’s available.
Amy: You know, if that study’s real, Leonard might come back smarter than you.
Sheldon: Are you trying to manipulate me?
Amy: Yes.
Sheldon: Well done, it worked, we’re going.
Amy: Yay.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Bernadette: Come on, Raj, give me a bag.
Raj: No, no, you’re pregnant. The only thing you carry is our hope for a better tomorrow.
Howard: Hey, where you been?
Bernadette: Uh, Raj took me to the baby doctor and then we swung by the grocery store.
Howard: Did you get graham crackers? I mean, are, wuh, is the baby okay?
Bernadette: Yes and yes.
Howard: I didn’t know you needed help running errands today.
Bernadette: I didn’t, but Raj volunteered.
Howard: Really?
Bernadette: Yeah, ever since you told him I was pregnant, he’s really been making a fuss over me.
Howard: Oh. Well, I guess that’s kind of sweet.
Raj: Bernie, I just forwarded you a list of the top five lactation consultants in Los Angeles. I know my favourite, but I’d love to hear what you think.
Howard: And it just got weird.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Hey. Amy’s downstairs.
Leonard: Okay, one sec.
Penny: Uh, what, what you got goin’ on here?
Leonard: I bought a baseball cap.
Penny: I can see that. What team did you get?
Leonard: Uh, Hufflepuff, from Harry Potter.
Penny: Well, we’ll be in the woods.
Sheldon: I’m ready to go.
Leonard: Anything you’d like to say to him?
Penny: Nice hat, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Thanks.
Leonard: Why are you so mean to me?
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s kitchen. Screams are emanating from Bernadette’s tablet.
Howard: What the hell are you watching?
Bernadette: Raj found all these childbirth videos online. This one is of a woman giving birth in a river.
Howard: Okay, that is the least Jewish thing I’ve ever seen in my life. You feel like Raj is getting a little carried away with all the baby stuff?
Bernadette: I don’t think so. He just wants to be part of the experience.
Howard: All right, if you say so. What’s in the box?
Bernadette: Oh, it’s an ultrasonic microphone so we can hear the baby’s heartbeat.
Howard: Oh. That’s cool. Can we try it?
Bernadette: Actually, Raj ordered it. He made me promise to wait till he was here.
Howard: So he can be part of the experience?
Bernadette: Yeah.
Howard: I’m surprised he let us conceive without him.
Bernadette: It’s a sore spot, don’t bring it up.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Penny: It’s so cute and rustic up here.
Leonard: I know. Did you see they still have a video rental place? it’s like Colonial Williamsburg.
Sheldon: Well, cell service is down to one bar, so if anyone needs medical attention or to tell a stranger their political views are stupid, now’s the time.
Amy: Have you ever been off the grid before?
Sheldon: Once. The battery ran out on my phone. I had to wait for my iPad to turn on.
Leonard: I was afraid he was gonna eat me.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s apartment.
Howard: Raj just pulled up. I’m gonna say something to him.
Bernadette: Leave it alone. He means well.
Howard: So you don’t think he needs to rein it in a little?
Bernadette: No, not really.
Howard: And you’re not concerned he’s acting like somehow this is his kid, too?
Bernadette: He’s just trying to be supportive.
Howard: Just supportive. Not over-the-top in any way?
Bernadette: No.
Raj: Hello.
Bernadette: You saw him carrying that.
Howard: Astronauts saw him carrying that.
Scene: The cabin. 
Penny: This place is great.
Leonard: So nice of that doctor to just let you use it.
Penny: Well, she is taking me to an Indigo Girls concert, so hold that thought.
Sheldon: Okay. Well, shall we check each other for ticks?
Amy: Sheldon, all we did was walk in from the car.
Sheldon: Oh. Well, suit yourself. Who wants to check me?
Amy: On the other hand, safety first.
Scene: The same, later.
Amy: Wow, it’s really coming down.
Penny: This sucks.
Leonard: And there goes our hike.
Sheldon: Oh, not our hike, now we have to stay safe and warm.
Penny: You know, we could still go. A little rain isn’t gonna kill us.
Leonard: Have you been outside in the rain with Sheldon?
Penny: No.
Leonard: You’ll wish it would kill you.
Amy: So what do we do now?
Leonard: They have some board games.
Sheldon: Eh, most of the Jenga pieces are missing and the Scrabble only has seven tiles, so unless you want to build an unimpressive structure with the word shnerpf next to it, move on.
Penny: Hey, let’s light a fire.
Amy: Ooh, that sounds cozy.
Leonard: I don’t think I’ve lit a real fire before.
Sheldon: Ah, it’s basic thermodynamics. I’m sure we can figure that out.
Leonard: I could stack the logs conically to facilitate airflow.
Sheldon: That would maximize oxygen for optimal combustion.
Leonard: Right. So all we need is to…
Penny: Got it.
Leonard: A scientist made that.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Howard: Look, Raj, you’re my best friend in the world and I really appreciate your enthusiasm about the baby.
Raj: Please, my pleasure.
Bernadette: And, of course, Howie and I both want you to be a part of all this.
Howard: But we have to set some boundaries.
Raj: I don’t understand.
Howard: The three of us aren’t having this baby. Just the two of us.
Howard: Oh. Okay. Yeah, I get it. I’ll back off.
Howard: Thanks for understanding.
Raj: Of course. I’ll give you guys some space. Let me just get this out of your way.
Howard: You need some help?
Raj: No, I got it.
Bernadette: Raj, Raj, wait.
Raj: Please, Bernadette. Let me leave with my dignity.
Scene: The cabin.
Penny: Hey, you guys want to play a drinking game?
Sheldon: Oh, well now, we’ll never win. You always play the drinking game.
Penny: Not the drinking game, a drinking game.
Leonard: To be fair, good at both.
Amy: What’s the game?
Penny: All right, it’s called Never Have I Ever. The rules are simple. Someone says something they’ve never done, but if you have done it, you take a drink.
Leonard: I’ve never played that before.
Sheldon: Hey, now, wait. Have we started? Do I drink? What is happening?
Penny: Okay. Calm down. I’ll go first. All right, let’s see. Never have I ever…
Amy: She’s trying to think of something she’s never done before. This could take a while.
Penny: Very funny. Okay, never have I ever… yeah, you know what? Let’s just circle back.
Leonard: Okay, I’ll go. Never have I ever been arrested.
Sheldon: So I drink.
Amy: No, it’s only if you’ve done it.
Sheldon: Got it.
Amy: I can’t believe you’ve been arrested.
Sheldon: I can’t believe Penny hasn’t.
Penny: Sheldon, what did you do?
Sheldon: Well, I’m not proud of it, but I jaywalked.
Leonard: Oh, no, it’s like a horror movie. We’re trapped in a cabin with a maniac.
Amy: I’m surprised you would do that.
Sheldon: No, I crossed in the middle of the street. And normally, I wouldn’t, but I saw an aggressive-looking Girl Scout, and it was the heart of cookie season. Anyway, there was a police officer, and he witnessed the whole thing.
Penny: What, he arrested you for that?
Sheldon: No, he didn’t do anything. So I said, you just saw me jaywalk, why aren’t you doing your job? You know? May, maybe I should arrest you for, for impersonating a police officer.
Penny: And then you got arrested.
Sheldon: Oh, and how.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Howard: I feel like I just made a horrible mistake.
Bernadette: Yeah.
Howard: But on the other hand, I didn’t kick him out of our lives. I just asked him to back off a little.
Bernadette: Yeah.
Howard: What? Are you gonna cry?
Bernadette: Yeah.
Howard: Is it baby hormones or actually sad?
Bernadette: I can’t tell anymore.
Howard: I’ll go get him.
Bernadette: And bring back the bear.
Scene: The cabin. 
Leonard: This game’s dangerous. I could get you in trouble.
Penny: How?
Leonard: Well, never have I ever used Sheldon’s toothbrush to clean the sink.
Penny: Fine, is that how you want to play this? All right, never have I ever come up with a nickname for my own genitals.
Leonard: Never should’ve told you about Alvin and the Chipmunks.
Amy: Okay. My turn. Um, never have I ever completely rocked my girlfriend’s world in bed.
Sheldon: Amy.
Amy: You know the rules. Drink.
Penny: Yeah, go ahead.
Leonard: That’s right.
Sheldon: All right, my turn. Mm. Oh, I know. Never have I ever kept a secret bank account, because I think my wife can’t handle money. Did I win? I feel like I won.
Penny: I can’t believe this. You realize I make more money than you?
Leonard: I don’t, I know, but this isn’t a big deal. It’s just a little savings I put aside.
Penny: We’re married. We’re supposed to share everything.
Leonard: What, you mean, like, your massive credit card debt?
Sheldon: I’m calling it. I won.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Raj: I appreciate the apology, but it’s really not necessary. I overstepped my bounds.
Howard: No, Raj, you’ve been great. I just, I need to start doing my part around here.
Bernadette: I hear that.
Raj: Well, if that’s the case, is there anything I can do to help?
Howard: Well, not right now. But we could try out that microphone you got us, and listen to the baby’s heartbeat.
Raj: Really? It’s okay if I listen with you?
Bernadette: Of course.
Raj: Can I squirt the ultrasound jelly on your stomach?
Howard: Hey, look at that. It’s weird again.
Scene: The cabin.
Leonard: Okay, you have every right to be mad. And what you said is true. You do make more money than me. So I had no right to do what I did. And I’m so sorry. I hope you can forgive me.
Penny: How long have you had this secret account?
Leonard: A couple years, but I just put a few bucks aside every month for emergencies.
Penny: Well, how much you got in there?
Leonard: Six thousand four hundred and twenty seven dollars. Forty seven dollars once my nana’s birthday check gets here.
Penny: My God, Leonard, do you know what I could do with that kind of money?
Leonard: No, I do, and that’s why I hid it.
Penny: What good is it if you don’t use it?
Leonard: Uh, you have shoes you love, but never wear. I have money I love, but never spend. We’re kind of a cute couple that way. Again, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have kept it a secret.
Penny: Well, I have a secret I’ve been keeping from you, too.
Leonard: Is it a secret bank account? Because that would be awesome.
Penny: I hate my job.
Leonard: Really? Why?
Penny: Because I don’t feel good flirting with doctors for sales. I mean, I know I make a lot of money. But I haven’t been happy for a while.
Leonard: Why didn’t you tell me?
Penny: Because I know how important it is to you that I’m having some success.
Leonard: That’s not true.
Penny: Okay, really? So you’d be fine if I went back to acting and waiting tables again?
Leonard: If that’s what you want to do, yes.
Penny: Well, it’s not what I want to do.
Leonard: Oh, yes.
Penny: Doesn’t matter what I want. Look, this job is gonna get me out of debt. So I’m gonna do the grown-up thing and see it through.
Leonard: Well, that is the grown-up thing.
Penny: I guess.
Leonard: I love you.
Penny: I love you, too.
Leonard: You know, never have I ever made love in the forest while it was raining.
Penny: Well, guess I gotta drink.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Howard: All right, here we go.
Bernadette: I’m not hearing anything.
Howard: Well, give me a second.
Raj: Are you sure you can do this?
Howard: Hey, who found four dollars and change on the beach with his metal detector?
Raj: I buried it there, so we could go home.
Bernadette: Wait, that’s it.
Raj: Wow.
Bernadette: Isn’t that the best?
Raj: You guys made a person.
Howard: We did.
Raj: And I like to think I helped.
Howard: You didn’t.
Scene: The cabin. 
Sheldon: Oh, never have I ever drunk milk past its expiration date.
Amy: Never have I ever cancelled a dentist appointment.
Sheldon: Oh, uh, never have I ever put my foot in the ocean.
Amy: Never have I ever honked if I liked anything.
Sheldon: Oh, uh, never have I ever thrown, caught or touched a Frisbee.
Amy: Never have I ever put salt on my food without trying it first.
Sheldon: Oh. Never have I ever pushed all the buttons in an elevator.
Amy: Well, we all have a past.
 								
			
				Scene: The comic book store. 
Sheldon: I have a question about Batman. Batman is a man who dresses up like a bat. Man-bat is a part man, part bat hybrid. Now, if Man-Bat dressed up as a man to fight crime, would he be Man-Batman?
Leonard: No, he’d be Bat-Man-Bat.
Raj: But wouldn’t Man-Batman just be a Batman that was bitten by a radioactive man?
Howard: But Batman is a man. You’re talking about a man who would have the powers of a man. That’s just Man-Man.
Sheldon: Well, isn’t Man-Man just Man?
Leonard: But what if Man-Man dressed as a bat?
Raj: Well, that’s just Batman.
Leonard: No, if a man dresses as a bat, that’s Batman, but if Man-Man dresses as a bat, that’s Batman-Man.
Howard: So does that answer your question?
Sheldon: Oh, I haven’t asked it yet.
Raj (checking text on phone): Oh, that’s Claire. Got to run.
Leonard: I thought you were back with Emily.
Raj: Uh, actually I’m seeing both of them.
Leonard: You mean like through their window from behind a bush?
Raj: No, I’m actually dating two women. Later.
Leonard: Really? The guy who for years couldn’t even talk to women is suddenly going out with two of them? How is that possible?
Howard: I know. Scientists have tried to reproduce it with computational models, but, in each case, the world blows up.
Leonard: Seriously, that guy’s dating two women?
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: What, why did you get a party sub?
Leonard: People are coming over, it looked fun.
Sheldon: Well, we’re only watching Game of Thrones. A party sub implies it’s a party.
Leonard: Your attendance implies it’s not.
Sheldon: I like a party as much as the next man, as long as the next man doesn’t like a party. Oh, by the way, don’t forget, tomorrow is our quarterly roommate agreement meeting.
Leonard: Oh, Sheldon, we don’t need a meeting every three months.
Sheldon: Hmm? Well, it sounds like the kind of thing one would bring up at a quarterly roommate agreement meeting. Lucky for you it’s tomorrow.
Leonard: Oh, you know what? I’m not going.
Sheldon: Well, you have to go. It’s Penny’s first time leading the Pledge of Allegiance.
Leonard: This meeting is a waste of time. Whether we make the switch from Post Raisin Bran to Kellogg’s Raisin Bran should not require parliamentary procedure.
Sheldon: You realize one of them has sugar on the raisins.
Leonard: You’re the only one who eats them.
Sheldon: And yet you get to weigh in. Democracy, it’s pretty cool, isn’t it?
Leonard: I’m not going, you can’t make me.
Sheldon: Well, we’ll just see about that.
Penny: What is the problem?
Sheldon: He says he’s not coming to the roommate agreement meeting tomorrow.
Penny: Well, why the hell did I memorize the Pledge?
Leonard: You have fun. I will not be attending.
Sheldon: Oh, fine. We don’t have to have a roommate agreement meeting if you don’t want to.
Leonard: Thank you.
Sheldon: Of course, it will require a vote. Unfortunately, my official gavel is in my bedroom, but luckily, I have my travel gavel.
Leonard: You’re being ridiculous.
Sheldon: There’s a motion on the floor, I’m ridiculous. Do we have a second? Hmm? Hmm? There is no second. The motion is denied. Next time, make sure you have the votes first. That was embarrassing.
Leonard: Can you please talk to him?
Penny: Well, why are you fighting him on this?
Leonard: Because I am tired of him always getting his way. We don’t need a stupid meeting. We don’t even need a roommate agreement, and I hope that sandwich does cause a party.
Penny: Well, I will still come to your meeting.
Sheldon: Well, I should hope so. Tomorrow’s picture day.
Leonard: Why are you taking his side?
Penny: Because it’s important to him, and when we signed the roommate agreement, we made a deal.
Sheldon: You keep talking like that, you’re gonna make colour guard.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s house.
Raj: Man, I’m worn out.
Howard: I know. Imagine if we were actually moving.
Raj: No, it’s just, ever since I started dating Claire and Emily at the same time, it’s exhausting.
Howard: You’re exhausted? Try folding every five pages in a pregnancy book so your wife thinks you read it.
Raj: But, dude, you’re so lucky. Getting to stay home at night with the woman you love.
Howard: I guess I am lucky.
Raj: You are, because dating two women, I mean, I can’t even remember the last time I slept in my own apartment. I wake up and I’m like, am I at Claire’s or am I at Emily’s? Is there a third girl I’ve forgotten about? Like, where am I?
Bernadette: Hey, Raj.
Raj: Hey, how’s the mommy-to-be?
Bernadette: Good. A little tired.
Raj: I feel you. I’ve been dating multiple women.
Howard: You sure you don’t want to come watch Game of Thrones with us?
Bernadette: You guys have fun. I’m just gonna snuggle up in bed with a book.
Raj: Oh, that sounds great, a bed to yourself. Can’t even remember what that’s like.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Are you up-to-date on Game of Thrones?
Penny: Mm, I think so. Dragons, snow zombies, and all the hot guys are dead.
Sheldon: Oh, I don’t know. Theon Greyjoy looks pretty good for a guy who had his genitals cut off.
Penny: Uh-oh, somebody’s still pouting.
Leonard: Leave me alone.
Penny: If it’s because you lost a stick, I know where it went.
Leonard: Not funny.
Penny: You know you’re gonna make up with him. Can we just skip to that part?
Leonard: Oh, of course, because I’m the only adult around here.
Penny: Really? The only adult?
Leonard: Yeah, that’s right.
Sheldon: Tonight I’ll be watching a show rated M.A., and that stands for mature audiences, buster.
Penny: All right, you would think the only adult wouldn’t let something silly ruin our entire night.
Leonard: And I’d think you’d understand why I’m annoyed.
Sheldon: All this could be avoided if you’d just come to the meeting.
Leonard: I don’t want to.
Sheldon: Oh, it’s just a meeting. One simple meeting.
Leonard: Stop saying meeting.
Sheldon: Meeting, meeting, bo-beeting, banana-fana, fo-feeting, fee-fi mo-meeting.
Amy: I brought my famous spinach dip.
Sheldon: Yeah, Amy, just one second. Meeting.
Scene: Howard’s car.
Howard: I’m not sure if I’m hoping for a boy or a girl. I mean, if it’s a boy, I’m gonna have to teach him to play catch. Which means I’m gonna have to google how to play catch. If it’s a girl, I mean, they’re so innocent and you know how guys are.
Raj: Totally, guys are the worst. I mean, look at me. I let Emily make me a frittata and I kept the leftovers in Claire’s fridge that night. I’m such a dog.
Howard: There you go again.
Raj: I’m sorry, have I been complaining about it too much?
Howard: Actually, what you’re doing is pretending to complain, but really trying to brag.
Raj: How could you say that?
Howard: Oh, I wish could enjoy a cup of tea without a naked girl bouncing up and down on me.
Raj: I never said that.
Howard: Don’t you hate it when you can’t remember whose bra it is you found wedged in your couch?
Raj: Okay, that I said. But that’s a real problem. You give a girl another woman’s bra, and you will not be having sex with her that night. Maybe the other girl, but not her.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: What’s going on with him?
Penny: Oh, he’s all bent out of shape about having a roommate agreement meeting.
Sheldon: Apparently, perfect attendance isn’t cool any more.
Penny: Don’t worry, he’ll come around.
Amy: Well, I get why he’s annoyed.
Sheldon: Well, then you don’t understand what’s happening. See, Leonard refused to participate in a mandatory quarterly roommate agreement meeting. This is what a generation raised on Bart Simpson looks like.
Leonard: You love The Simpsons.
Sheldon: I love Lisa Simpson.
Amy: Well, I know how he feels. I never enjoyed our relationship agreement meetings.
Sheldon: Wait. You were pretending?
Amy: Sorry.
Sheldon: No. I don’t believe you. I could tell.
Amy: Oh, Sheldon, I never thought re-filing a matter in a standing subcommittee could be so fascinating.
Sheldon: Hmm, what do you think?
Penny: You don’t know?
Scene: The stairwell.
Raj: Hey, did I say something to upset you?
Howard: No, I’m fine.
Raj: Really? Because usually we walk side by side, and I just went up two flights of stairs staring at your bottom.
Howard: Just drop it.
Raj: Okay, I think I see what’s happening here. You’re jealous of me.
Howard: Oh, please. What could you possibly have that I would be jealous of?
Raj: It’s not what I have, it’s how many people I’m having it with.
Penny: Come on, Sheldon, we’ll watch Game of Thrones over here.
Sheldon: Gladly.
Leonard: Oh, good, go. You know, it’ll be nice to watch an episode without someone saying, I read the books, don’t get too fond of this character.
Sheldon: It’s not always because they die. In one case, it’s because they’ve become involved with underground tree people from the dawn of time. Yeah, but I won’t say who it is. It’s Brann.
Howard: Wait, what is going on?
Penny: Leonard’s being a jerk, so we’re gonna watch over here.
Amy: Do you guys want to watch with us?
Howard: As long as I don’t have to watch with him.
Raj: Fine, I don’t want to watch with you either. I’ll go over here.
Howard: Why do you get to pick?
Raj: Okay, then you go there.
Howard: Don’t tell me where to go.
Leonard: Howard, just come in here.
Penny: Yeah, come on, Raj.
Raj: Wait, did Amy make her spinach dip?
Sheldon: She did.
Howard: And I’m gonna eat it all.
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: So what the hell happened?
Leonard: Oh, I just ran out of patience with Sheldon’s nonsense.
Howard: Tell me about it. I’ve had it with Raj, too.
Amy: You know, like women, men have a monthly hormone cycle. Dips in testosterone can cause irritability.
Howard: Interesting. Maybe my male cycle synced up with Raj’s actual period.
Leonard: If Sheldon’s testosterone dipped, he’d become a butterfly. (Knock on door) Oh. Maybe someone’s here to apologize.
Stuart: Hey, Leonard.
Leonard: Stuart.
Stuart: Uh, is this not a dress-up party?
Leonard: No.
Stuart: Was it ever a dress-up party?
Leonard: No.
Stuart: Howard, didn’t you tell me it was a dress-up party?
Howard: Yeah.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. Knock on door.
Stuart: I was told this is where to go if I’m mad at Howard.
Penny: May I take your cloak?
Stuart: Thanks. This thing kept getting caught in the chain of my bike.
Sheldon: Well, I’ll catch you up. Uh, Penny is angry at Leonard, Leonard’s angry at me and Penny, I’m angry at Leonard and Amy, Raj is angry at Howard, and I’m angry at George R.R. Martin ’cause there are no new books for me to spoil for Leonard.
Stuart: So what happened with you and Howard?
Raj: Says I was talking too much about dating Claire and Emily, and I accused him of being jealous.
Stuart: I’m jealous. Closest I’ve come to dating two women was that time I dated one woman.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: I don’t know how you put up with it. He’s impossible. I mean, holding a meeting to decide what breakfast cereal we should buy.
Howard: Yeah. Cap’n Crunch with Crunch Berries, move on.
Leonard: Anyway, Amy, thank you for sticking up for me.
Amy: Oh, I honestly couldn’t care less.
Leonard: Sorry?
Amy: Well, I just took your side ’cause sometimes I get annoyed at how close Sheldon and Penny are.
Leonard: Well, they argue all the time. They aren’t that close.
Amy: Who’s always comforting him when he’s upset?
Leonard: Penny, but…
Amy: Who’s the only one who can make him take his medicine when he’s sick?
Leonard: I try to hide it in his peanut butter, but he spits it out.
Amy: Okay. And did you know she has him add things to the roommate agreement so she can get her way and not fight with you about it?
Leonard: Son of a bitch. Why is that funny?
Howard: I don’t know. I like the pain of others.
Leonard: Oh, well, then you’ll enjoy this. Bernadette does the same thing with you and Koothrappali.
Howard: No, she doesn’t.
Leonard: She defends him all the time.
Howard: She does not.
Amy: Who told you to stop making all those Gandhi jokes about him?
Howard: Well, she did. And human resources.
Leonard: Who do you think told Koothrappali to go to human resources?
Howard: Son of a bitch.
Leonard: You’re, you’re right, it feels good.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Raj: All right, it’s almost game time. Get it? Game of Thrones, game time?
Stuart: Two women, huh?
Sheldon (at knock on door): Oh, perhaps it’s Amy coming to her senses.
Penny: What’s up?
Leonard: You know, you don’t need to use Sheldon to get your way with me in a dumb roommate agreement.
Penny: Where’d you get that from?
Leonard: From Amy.
Penny: Ugh. Amy, why did you tell him that?
Amy: Because you were defending Sheldon like you always do.
Penny: I don’t always defend Sheldon.
Leonard: Oh, yes, you do. You know you have a weird brother-sister-Elliott-E.T. relationship with him.
Penny: What about your weird relationship with him?
Leonard: That’s different. I’m like the little girl in Poltergeist and he’s the creepy thing in the TV.
Howard: Um, guys? Were there any nuts in that food?
Leonard: I don’t think so. Why?
Howard: Well just a feeling.
Scene: A hospital waiting room.
Leonard: It just said Italian sub. I had no idea mortadella has pistachios in it.
Sheldon: Interesting fact, in Italian, the morta in mortadella means death.
Amy: Sheldon.
Sheldon: I didn’t say fun fact. I’m not a monster.
Bernadette: He’s gonna be okay.
Sheldon: Now it’s a fun fact.
Stuart: Boy, stuff like this really puts things in perspective.
Bernadette: Why are you dressed like that?
Stuart: Oh, uh, Howard thought it’d be funny to tell me it was a costume party.
Bernadette: That wasn’t nice.
Stuart: No, but he almost died, so we’re cool.
Raj: You know, if you think about it, tonight was kind of like a real-life Game of Thrones.
Amy: How?
Raj: Well, Howard eating that pistachio was like when King Joffrey got poisoned.
Penny: Okay, well, that was murder, this was an accident.
Raj: Okay. But you using Sheldon to do your dirty work is like when Cersei used the King’s Guard to do her bidding.
Sheldon: Cersei uses her body to manipulate men. Penny just takes me to The LEGO Store.
Raj: Okay. Oh, how about this? Stuart’s dressed like a brother of the Night’s Watch, and they don’t have sex.
Penny: There you go.
Leonard: That’s true.
Sheldon: Fair enough.
Howard: Hey.
Leonard: Hey.
Bernadette: You all right?
Howard: I’m fine. Just a little embarrassed I had to be carried down the stairs like a baby. Thanks.
Leonard: Let’s get out of here.
Amy: That was scary.
Sheldon: Well, the important thing is I said that big sandwich would ruin everything, and I was right.
Scene: The street. 
Raj (shouting from upstairs window): Hey, Jon Snow. How come your horse has a basket on it?
Stuart: How come your head has your face on it?
Sheldon: They don’t wear bicycle helmets in Game of Thrones. You’re thematically inaccurate, but I applaud your commitment to safety.
Stuart: Don’t you guys have anything better to do?
Leonard: Better than watching a guy in a fur cloak ride a girl’s bike? Nope.
Stuart: That’s it, you just lost bathroom privileges at the comic book store. Horse has a basket on it. Stupid… aaargh!
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: I never got to ask my question about Batman.
Leonard: What is it?
Sheldon: If Batman were bitten by a radioactive Man-Bat, and then fought crime disguised as Man-Bat, would he be Man-Bat-Man-Bat-Man or simply Man-Bat-Man-Bat-Batman?
Penny: Is he still wearing the Batman suit under the Man-Bat suit?
Sheldon: I’ll be back.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment
Penny: Oh, hey, if you guys are free this weekend, I won a night of wine tasting from work.
Leonard: That sounds fun.
Penny: Mm-hmm.
Leonard: How come scientists don’t win free stuff like salespeople do?
Howard: ‘Cause we’re not in it for the stuff. We’re in it for the groupies.
Sheldon: Personally, I find the notion of external rewards demeaning. I pursue science for the intrinsic joy of discovery.
Amy: But you always say that you want to win a Nobel Prize.
Sheldon: I also say don’t contradict me in front of my friends, but that you don’t remember.
Penny: All right, well, let me know if you guys want to go.
Raj: I would love to. I do enjoy the complexity of an aged Pinot noir.
Leonard: I’m sure that would pair nicely with your fried nuggets of chicken.
Amy: Well, it sounds like a nice night. We should go.
Sheldon: Wine again? Yeah, no, thank you. I like my grapes the old-fashioned way, in a juice box.
Amy: Well, I’m going. You couldn’t stop me from getting a massage at the mall, and you’re not stopping me now.
Sheldon: I shouldn’t have to see my girlfriend get groped in public by another man.
Amy: And I shouldn’t have to see my boyfriend riding on a train for children around the mall.
Penny: The little choo-choo for toddlers?
Amy: And now you know why I needed the massage.
Howard: Well, we’re out. Bernie can’t drink ’cause she’s pregnant. And she’s pregnant because we had sex. And we had sex because, well, come on.
Bernadette: It’s okay, you should go.
Howard: You sure?
Bernadette: Of course.
Penny: Yeah, give her a break from, well, come on.
Sheldon: Well, Bernadette, looks like Saturday night, it’s you and me.
Bernadette: Me? How? Why?
Sheldon: Well, it makes perfect sense. Because you’re an expectant mother, you can’t drink alcohol. I don’t like to. You can’t have sushi. I don’t like to. You can’t go in hot tubs. I consider them vats of sweaty people soup.
Bernadette: Gee, Sheldon, I don’t know.
Sheldon: Oh, come on. Roller coasters, caffeine, runny eggs, I’ve been avoiding these things all my life. And now, because you’re pregnant, you have to.
Leonard: The difference is she’s bringing life into the world, and you suck it out.
Bernadette: I guess we could give it a try.
Sheldon: Well, little lady, you’ve heard of party hearty, get ready to party hardly.
Howard: I bet you’d like a drink right now.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Howard’s workshop
Raj: Hey, you think it’d be okay if I brought Claire to the wine tasting?
Leonard: Sure. I’d like to meet her.
Raj: Oh, that’s great. I’ve been wanting her to meet you guys, too, so this seems like the perfect opportunity.
Sheldon: Oh, but I won’t be there.
Raj: Funny how that worked out.
Leonard: Does this mean Emily’s not in the picture anymore?
Raj: No, I’m still dating her.
Leonard: Okay, help me out. How are you doing this? Do they know about each other?
Raj: They know that we’re not exclusive, and we just don’t ask too many questions.
Sheldon: You know, it’s like how I play Warlords of Ka’a with you and Elder Sign with Frank and Alicia.
Leonard: Who’s Frank and Alicia?
Sheldon: You, you and I spend a lot of time together. Can there be a little mystery between us?
Howard: Okay. Everything’s hooked up. We’re ready.
Sheldon: I am going to record this for posterity.
Leonard: All right, here goes nothing.
Sheldon: Here goes nothing? This is the initial test of our prototype. Can we give it a little more gravitas?
Leonard: Fine. Preliminary trial of the infinite persistence gyroscopic navigational system, phase one commencing.
Sheldon: Eh, maybe it’s your voice. I’m gonna see if I can get James Earl Jones to do it in post.
Raj: It’s, it’s beautiful.
Howard: Actually, it’s making me dizzy.
Leonard: Good, it’s not just me.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Claire (on phone): Hello.
Raj: Hey, Claire.
Claire: Hey, what’s up?
Raj: Hi, yeah. Um, I was wondering, if you’re free Saturday night, all my friends are going to a wine tasting.
Claire: Sure, I guess. If you don’t think meeting your friends is too big a step.
Raj: Why would it be too big a step?
Claire: I don’t know. I just don’t want things to get weird.
Raj: Nothing to worry about. People meet people all the time, and it isn’t weird. I met Bon Jovi once, which you’d think might be weird. Turns out, total sweetheart.
Claire: Okay, but you and I have been keeping things casual. Uh, will you introduce me as your friend or as your girlfriend? What if I like them and they don’t like me? What if they like me and I don’t like them?
Raj: Boy, it wasn’t this hard with Bon Jovi. I said you rock, he said, thanks, man, and that was that.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Hey, you ready to go?
Leonard: Hang on.
Penny: What are you doing?
Leonard: Oh, I found a scratch-and-sniff book about wine tasting. It teaches the different flavour notes to look for.
Penny: You actually smell the wine?
Leonard: I mostly just smell my nasal spray.
Penny: Are your sinuses acting up?
Leonard: Since my preschool got a bunny.
Penny: Hey, are you still hanging out with Bernadette tonight?
Sheldon: Yes. And we’re going to prove that we don’t need alcohol to enjoy ourselves.
Penny: Oh, good for you.
Sheldon: Or caffeine, tobacco, sushi, soft cheese, processed meats and jacuzzis, which can all be harmful to an unborn baby.
Penny: No honey baked ham in a hot tub, got it.
Sheldon: Oh, no bubble baths either. They can increase the risk of a urinary tract infection.
Leonard: Okay, have fun.
Sheldon: Oh, and no swordfish, king mackerel, shark or tilefish, which are all high in mercury.
Leonard: We’re leaving now!
Sheldon: Oh, and no contact with guinea pigs or hamsters or their droppings, uh, no-no cat litter boxes, no paint fumes.
Penny: Okay, we’re leaving, love you, bye.
Sheldon: Boy, do I love restrictions.
Scene: The wine tasting.
Howard: Hey. Where is everybody?
Amy: Oh, we’re the first ones here.
Howard: Oh. Cool.
Amy: Yeah. Cool.
Howard: You know, I don’t remember the last time it was just you and me hanging out.
Amy: Oh, I do. It was three years ago.
Howard: Oh, yeah, and we said we should do it more often. And, and, and, and, and here we are.
Amy: So, Sheldon and Bernadette are hanging out.
Howard: I know. What are they gonna talk about?
Amy: I don’t know. I really don’t know.
Leonard: Hey.
Howard: Oh, good.
Amy: Oh, thank God.
Penny: You guys been here long?
Howard: No, two minutes.
Amy: But yes.
Howard: Where’s Claire?
Raj: Oh, she’s meeting us here. Hey, guys, do me a favour and don’t ask too many questions about the relationship. We’re just keeping it casual.
Leonard: Oh, so I shouldn’t ask her how she feels about being a member of your harem?
Raj: Yeah, I know you’re teasing, but watch out for karma.
Amy: Hey, Penny, isn’t that your old boyfriend Zack?
Penny: Oh, yeah.
Amy: Are you gonna say hi to him?
Penny: Uh, I don’t know.
Raj: Hey, while you decide, who was better in bed, big hot Zack or wheezy little Leonard? Neener neener.
Scene: The apartment.
Bernadette: I brought sparkling cider.
Sheldon: Oh, the bubbles tickle my nose. I’ll just open this now so it can get nice and flat before we drink it.
Bernadette: So what do you want to do tonight?
Sheldon: Oh, I have quite the evening planned. Our foetus-friendly festival of fun begins with an in-depth look at the world of model trains, and then we’ll kick things up a notch and explore all the different ways that you can make toast.
Bernadette: There’s more than one?
Sheldon: You’ve heard of French toast?
Bernadette: Yeah.
Sheldon: Cinnamon toast?
Bernadette: Yeah.
Sheldon: Melba toast?
Bernadette: Yeah.
Sheldon: You get where I’m going here?
Bernadette: Yeah.
Scene: The wine tasting.
Amy: I’m getting an earthy note.
Penny: Ah, there’s definitely some oak.
Raj: Also, uh, cherries?
Leonard: I smell nothing.
Howard: Really? Nothing?
Leonard: Just a whole lot of Afrin.
Zack: Penny?
Penny: Oh. Zack, hi. You guys remember Zack.
Howard: Yeah, hey, buddy.
Amy: Hello.
Raj: Hey.
Zack: Hey, did you two get married?
Penny: We did.
Leonard: Yeah, mm-hmm.
Zack: To each other?
Penny: Yes.
Zack: Cool. ‘Cause other than when you broke up with him and dated me, then broke up with me, and then dated me one more time before going back to him, I was always rooting for you two.
Leonard: Thanks.
Zack: So how’s the science world? What are you guys up to?
Howard: We’ve actually been working on a prototype for a navigation system we invented.
Leonard: But we won’t bore you with the details.
Zack: Are you kidding? I love science. Einstein, Stephen Hawking, Mike deGrasse Tyson.
Amy: Mike deGrasse Tyson?
Howard: Yeah, you know, the boxer who grew a moustache and became a scientist.
Zack: So what’s your invention?
Howard: Well, we’re using quantum vortices to replace gyroscopes in guidance systems.
Leonard: What’s neat is that they can maintain angular momentum indefinitely.
Zack: Angular momentum. I was wondering about that.
Howard: You could put it in a satellite or a rocket, and it’ll run forever.
Zack: Cool. Could it be used for missiles and war stuff?
Howard: Yeah, but we didn’t create it for weapons.
Leonard: And I doubt the military would be interested in our little guidance system.
Zack: Is it better than the one they use now?
Howard: A lot.
Leonard: Way better.
Zack: Huh. You sure you guys are smart?
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: H-O gauge trains are 1/87th scale. N gauge are 1/160th scale. And that brings us to Z gauge, at a, you could easily swallow it, don’t ask how I know, 1 to 220.
Bernadette: I’m sorry, I have to ask.
Sheldon: When I was five, I ingested a Z gauge locomotive. I spent the next three days saying, I think I can pass it, I think I can pass it, I think I can pass it.
Bernadette: What is it about trains that you like so much?
Sheldon: What an interesting question. When I was a child, life was confusing and chaotic for me, and trains represented order. I could line them up, categorize them, control them. I guess you could say that they gave me a sense of calm in a world that didn’t.
Bernadette: That’s lovely, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Well, other than when they’re chugging through your bowels, these things are magic.
Scene: The wine tasting.
Leonard: I have to admit, I’ve been worried about the military applications since we started talking about this.
Howard: Me, too.
Leonard: Why didn’t you say something?
Howard: Same reason I don’t talk about ass cancer. It’s not a pleasant topic.
Raj: You can’t let this stop you. Almost any scientific advancement can be used for destructive purposes.
Amy: It’s true. Even Einstein’s theory of relativity was later applied to the development of nuclear weapons.
Penny: E equals MC squared. Yeah. E is for energy, M for mass, and C for the speed of light.
Amy: How do you know that?
Penny: Oh, Leonard mumbles it when he wants sex to last longer.
Claire: Hey, Raj.
Raj: Hey, Claire. Good, you’re here. Guys, this is my friend Claire. We’re casually dating, and there’s no need for any further questions about it.
Leonard: Would you like a glass of wine?
Raj: I said no questions.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: And last but not least, this is one that I like to call Star Wars Toast because it has a light side and a dark side. All righty, it’s time for Dungeons & Dragons.
Bernadette: Dungeons & Dragons? That sounds about right.
Sheldon: You’re gonna enjoy this. I designed it especially for you.
Bernadette: Okay, but just for a little bit.
Sheldon: Oh, I have a feeling that once you start, you’re not gonna want to or be allowed to stop.
Bernadette: All right.
Sheldon: Ready?
Bernadette: You bet.
Sheldon: Your name is Bernatrix. You are a warrior queen. You’re strong, beautiful and tall.
Bernadette: Oh. I like the idea of being tall.
Sheldon: I think you’re gonna like a lot of things I have in store. For example, in this world, only the men get pregnant, so your husband is home trying not to pee when he laughs.
Bernadette: This is getting fun. What’s next?
Sheldon: You’re parched and weary from battle. You stand in front of a tavern that serves the coldest, most delicious ale in all the realm.
Bernadette: Oh, I haven’t had a drink in months.
Sheldon: What do you do?
Bernadette: I storm in, slam my sword down, and say, barkeep, bring me the strongest ale you have and serve it in the skull of a goblin.
Sheldon: He wants to see I.D.
Scene: The wine tasting.
Amy: So, Claire, we’ve heard so many wonderful things about you.
Claire: Really? Like what?
Amy: Uh, mostly Penny’s heard them.
Zack: Boy, you get some dirty looks over there when you ask for ice.
Raj: Zack, this is my friend Claire.
Zack: You’re hot. You seeing anybody?
Raj: Uh, she’s seeing me.
Zack: Why’d you say she’s your friend?
Raj: We’re just keeping it casual.
Zack: Why is he being casual with you? You seem great.
Claire: I don’t know. Ask him.
Zack: Why are you being casual with her? She seems great.
Scene: The toilets.
Leonard: Maybe we should take a step back.
Howard: Take a step back? I’m not a young man any more.
Leonard: No, I mean re-evaluate what we’re doing with the guidance system.
Howard: But I got a baby on the way. I got to make some money.
Leonard: What good is money gonna do if we inadvertently bring about Armageddon?
Howard: Okay, let me stop you right there. We absolutely know our invention will not be used to destroy the world.
Leonard: How?
Howard: Because no one from the future has come back to kill us.
Leonard: Very funny.
Howard: You got something better?
Leonard: Well, not really.
Howard: Okay, then. Geez, how much wine did you drink?
Leonard: Not a lot. I just couldn’t start until you walked away.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: The Hell Prawn lunges out of the hot spring. You block it with your shield. Do you attack?
Bernadette: Does it have eyes?
Sheldon: Three giant red ones and they never blink. It’s unsettling.
Bernadette: I stab it in the middle eye.
Sheldon: Good choice. Critical hit. Your sword goes through its eye into its tiny brain. With its final dying gasp, it says, you have reduced me to a pile of sushi. Enjoy me with this packet of soy sauce. It’s low sodium. Aaaah.
Bernadette: Okay, I guess I should eat the Hell Prawn.
Sheldon: Using your sword, you prepare a beautiful sushi dinner. You slip into the hot spring and enjoy the warm water on your aching joints. As you happily close your eyes, you recall the incredible evening you’ve had and notice that your feet and ankles are smaller than they’ve ever been. The end.
Bernadette: Wow, this night turned out to be so much more fun than I thought.
Sheldon: Oh, the fun doesn’t stop. You’re still going home with a goodie bag full of toast.
Bernadette: Thank you for this. You know, ever since people found out I’m having a baby, I feel like I became Pregnant Bernadette. It was nice to take a little break tonight.
Sheldon: I can understand that. From the moment people realized I was a genius, I’ve been Sheldon the Genius. Although I’ve never really wanted a break from that, so I suppose I don’t understand. Which is ironic ’cause, you know, genius.
Bernadette: Well, thanks again.
Sheldon: You’re welcome. And any time you need a break from being Bernadette the Pregnant, Bernatrix the Warrior Queen is here waiting.
Bernadette: I might just take you up on that.
Sheldon: Well, mind you now, that offer’s only good until the third trimester. I can’t risk getting amniotic fluid on my spot.
Scene: The wine tasting. 
Raj: Hey, dude, you’re killing me with Claire.
Zack: What are you talking about?
Raj: I mean, come on, look at you. You’re classically handsome, you’ve got a swimmer’s body. Next to you, I look like me.
Zack: Oh, man, I didn’t mean to do that. But I do appreciate you recognizing my swimmer’s body. Which, incidentally, I got from playing Marco Polo at the YMCA.
Raj: Yeah, okay, just do me a favour and stop talking about how great Claire is.
Zack: Anything for you, my little foreign friend.
Claire: So, I got to ask, does Raj bring around other girls?
Penny: Uh, you know, I’m not really around that much. Amy knows much more than I do.
Leonard: I don’t think you have anything to worry about. Raj is a terrific guy, loyal to a fault.
Howard: Yeah. He still has an AOL address.
Zack: I see what you’re saying. She’s not so great.
Raj: Don’t listen to him. He says crazy things all the time. Uh, watch. Marco.
Zack: Polo.
Raj: So, uh, what are you guys talking about?
Claire: Your friends were just telling me about all the other girls you’re dating.
Raj: Why would you do that? I specifically asked you not to do that.
Penny: We didn’t.
Amy: You just did.
Zack: Wow. Maybe none of you guys are smart.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Morning.
Sheldon: Morning.
Leonard: Ugh. Too much wine.
Sheldon: Oh, I overdid it myself last night. Hair of the dog.
Leonard: Hey, did you ever think about the military applications for the guidance system?
Sheldon: Of course.
Leonard: Does it bother you?
Sheldon: No, it did at first, but then I talked it through with Frank and Alicia, and they really helped put things into perspective.
Leonard: Who are these people?
Sheldon: Leonard, friends are like toilet paper. It’s good to have extras under the sink.
 								
			
				Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Helium.
Sheldon: Yes.
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: Taylor Swift.
Penny: Yes. Pi.
Sheldon: Yes. Kardashian.
Penny: More specific.
Sheldon: Khloe?
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: See, I remembered because if it looks like Kim it’s Kim, if it looks kind of like Kim it’s Kourtney, and if it looks nothing like Kim it’s Khloe.
Penny: Oh, that’s a Venn Diagram, and I remember because I thought to myself, venn is he gonna stop talking about this diagram?
Leonard: What are you guys doing?
Sheldon: Oh, well, we decided to use our breakfast time to expand our respective knowledge bases.
Leonard: Oh, let me try.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: Hmm, atom of hydrogen, Adam of Maroon 5, mic drop.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, who is Mike Drop?
Leonard: Oh, hey, Penny, do you want to go to the airport with me later to pick up my mother?
Penny: Sure.
Leonard: Thanks.
Penny: No problem.
Leonard: Hey, Penny, um, since you’re already gonna be at the airport, do I need to go?
Sheldon: Why don’t you want to get your mother from the airport?
Leonard: Well, I can do without the 40-minute car ride where she criticizes every aspect of my life.
Sheldon: She can cover it in a car ride? I could do 40 minutes on your posture alone.
Penny: You really want me to pick up your mother all by myself?
Leonard: Hmm, I just feel like it would be a good chance for you to bond.
Penny: Or a way for you to avoid her?
Leonard: I don’t know what he’s putting on those cards, but you are smarter than ever.
Penny: Fine, if you really want me to, I will pick your mom up.
Leonard: Seriously?
Penny: Yeah, you know what, she is my mother-in-law, and I’d like for us to have a good relationship.
Leonard: That is very mature of you, so I’m gonna go ahead and say, suckah.
Sheldon: All right, back to learning.
Penny: Okay.
Sheldon: Oh, easy, Bill Nye the Science Guy.
Penny: Or as I know him?
Sheldon: Creepy old dude from Dancing with the Stars.
Penny: Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The comic book store.
Raj: Did you guys see there’s an Avengers screening? Joss Whedon’s gonna show some deleted scenes and do a question and answer session.
Sheldon: Oh, well, I have a few questions for him about the last Avengers movie, and a whole lot of answers.
Leonard: When’s the screening?
Raj: Uh, it’s tonight, but it’s first-come, first-served, so we should probably get there early and wait in line.
Howard: Let’s do it.
Leonard: Penny’s busy with my mother, so I’m in.
Sheldon: Oh, bad news. Amy’s making me go shopping with her later, so looks like none of us can go.
Leonard: You do realize we’re allowed to have fun without you?
Howard: In fact, that’s usually the trick to it. What time do we need to get there?
Raj: Uh, I’d say by three.
Sheldon: You’re really going without me?
Leonard: It’s not a big deal. Go shopping with Amy, and we’ll save a spot in line for you.
Sheldon: You don’t have the authority to save places in the line. If I do that, I’ll be cutting.
Leonard: People do it all the time.
Sheldon: You know the golden rule of line etiquette. No cuts, no buts, no coconuts.
Howard: If you really care that much, there are apps now that’ll let you hire people to do stuff like errands and wait in lines.
Stuart: People are actually waiting in lines as a job? Boy, makes me feel better about my life.
Howard: Some of these guys make over $20 an hour.
Stuart: And now I feel worse again.
Scene: Penny’s car.
Beverly: I’m not surprised Leonard chose to avoid picking me up. He’s battled intimacy issues his whole life. Does he have difficulty maintaining erections?
Penny: Wow. Didn’t even make it out of the parking lot. Uh, you know what, enough about Leonard. Let’s talk about you. What would you like to do while you’re here?
Beverly: Dear, I’m a psychiatrist. You don’t have to avoid having intimate conversations with me.
Penny: Well, I’d actually like for us to be close, but maybe we start with our favourite books and work our way up to my husband’s sex organs.
Beverly: Very well. What’s the last book you read?
Penny: Um, does Pottery Barn, Spring count?
Beverly: Penny, it’s only natural to want your mother-in-law to like you, and I acknowledge I can be an intimidating person. So what can I do to make this process easier for you?
Penny: Uh, for starters, maybe you can not psychoanalyze everything I say?
Beverly: And how does it make you feel when I psychoanalyze everything you say?
Penny: Uncomfortable.
Beverly: That was a joke, dear.
Penny: Oh. Sorry. Didn’t know you made those. Hey, listen, what if we have a little mother-in-law, daughter-in-law dinner tonight?
Beverly: So just the two of us?
Penny: Or I invite a few girlfriends, ’cause hearing you say the two of us just sent a chill right down my spine.
Scene: Amy’s car.
Stuart: Hey.
Amy: What are you doing here? You’re not Sheldon.
Stuart: I thought that might come up. Sheldon hired me to go shopping with you.
Amy: Hold on. He paid you to get out of spending time with me?
Stuart: No, it’s not like that. There’s a long line he’d rather stand in. So what are we doing? Old Navy, Build-A-Bear? I get paid either way.
Amy: We’re not going shopping together.
Stuart: You sure? I’m happy to hold your bag. And Sheldon gave me money for a hotdog on a stick.
Amy: Can you understand why I might be annoyed right now?
Stuart: Look, lady, I just work here.
Scene: The cinema line.
Howard: We’ve waited in a lot of lines together, haven’t we?
Sheldon: Remember when we camped out for the Doctor Who panel at Comic-Con?
Raj: Yeah, sleeping under the stars with other fans who love the show as much as we do.
Leonard: Waking up, wondering which one of those fans stole our wallets.
Sheldon: Stuart, what are you doing here?
Stuart: Sheldon, you are the most inconsiderate person I have ever met in my entire life. Where do you get off sending me to shop with your girlfriend?
Sheldon: I don’t understand. You were happy to do this when I hired you. Why, why are you upset with me now?
Stuart: Oh, I’m not upset with you, but Amy’s pretty bent out of shape, so she hired me to let you have it.
Sheldon: Well, I suppose turnabout is fair play.
Stuart: You’re darn right it’s fair play, you selfish jerk.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Amy: You know, just when I think we’re making progress in our relationship, we revert to our old patterns where thoughts and feelings go unexpressed. I mean, if he didn’t want to go shopping with me, why didn’t he just say so?
Beverly: Maybe he couldn’t get a word in edgewise.
Amy: I’m sorry, I’ve been going on and on.
Beverly: Oh, it’s all right, dear. Sheldon has a brilliant and complicated mind. It’s understandable that being in a relationship with him could be trying.
Amy: I called him babe once. He asked me to get a drug test.
Beverly: Well, I do admire your resolve. You’re an extraordinary woman.
Amy: Thank you.
Penny: You know, she’s my mother-in-law. Why can’t I bond with her like that?
Bernadette: Amy’s with Sheldon who she loves like a son. You’re with her son, who she doesn’t.
Amy: Do you realize it took me five years to get a massage from him?
Beverly: Oh, well, that still could be a big step for Sheldon.
Amy: Three minutes. And he used a kitchen timer. I felt like a soft-boiled egg.
Penny: You know, being in a relationship with Leonard also comes with its challenges.
Beverly: Yes. Well, what can you do?
Amy (knock on door): Maybe it’s Sheldon, here to say he’s sorry.
Stuart: Sheldon says he’s sorry.
Amy: Bernadette, I’ll give you five dollars to slam the door.
Stuart: I would have done it for three.
Scene: The cinema line.
Raj: Boy, all this standing’s making me tired. Good thing I brought my collapsible stick chair.
Howard: Not the stick chair. You look like an idiot on that thing.
Raj: Sticks and stones may break my bones, but chairs on sticks are comfy.
Stuart: Hey.
Sheldon: Hey. Is everything smoothed out with Amy?
Stuart: Uh, no, she’s still pretty mad.
Sheldon: Did you make the apology as sincere as I would have?
Stuart: I said, Sheldon says he’s sorry.
Sheldon: Oh, well, that’s laying it on a little thick.
Leonard: You think it’s time you apologize to her yourself?
Sheldon: I suppose so. But if I get out of the line, I’ll lose my spot.
Stuart: I’m happy to hold your place till you get back.
Sheldon: You would do that?
Stuart: Consider it my way of getting more of your money.
Sheldon: You’re a good man.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Bernadette: So, Beverly, did you know Penny is the number three sales rep at our pharmaceutical company?
Beverly: Oh, I didn’t realize you two work together.
Bernadette: Well, we don’t exactly. I’m a microbiologist for the research team.
Beverly: Oh, what are you currently developing?
Bernadette: Some exciting new anti-anxiety drugs.
Beverly: That’s interesting. I just attended a lecture on pediatric anxiety.
Amy: Oh, was it, uh, Dr. Jenofski? I just saw his TED Talk.
Beverly: It was.
Bernadette: Well, let’s get back to Penny. Hey, weren’t you telling me something great about your company car?
Penny: Um, it has seat warmers.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy.
Amy: Come in.
Sheldon: Hello, everyone. Oh, Beverly, good to see you. I’d love to chat, but there’s a line that could start moving any minute, so let’s do this. Amy? A proper apology requires three steps. Step one, an admission of wrongdoing. Amy, I was wrong. Step two, a promise never to repeat said action. Amy, that action will never be repeated, and that’s a promise. Step three, an earnest request for forgiveness. Amy, I hope you can forgive me. And I hope you do it right now, ’cause there’s an Uber waiting downstairs, and I don’t want to repeat this apology nonsense with my driver Ganesh.
Amy: Fine.
Sheldon: Oh, thanks, you’re a peach. Beverly, we’ll catch up soon. Bernadette, it was a pleasure as always, Penny, you have spinach in your teeth.
Penny: How long have I had spinach in my teeth?
Beverly: Since the airport, dear.
Scene: The cinema line.
Howard: You look like you come with a kickstand.
Raj: You can’t make me feel bad.
Howard: Hmm, maybe not. Leonard?
Leonard: So, when the aliens brought you back, they just left the probe in?
Sheldon: I’m back.
Leonard: Hey, how’d it go?
Sheldon: It went well. Yeah, I’ve learned that if you never say you’re sorry, the times you do really puts them on their heels. Uh, Stuart, I relieve you of your line duties.
Stuart: Anyone else need anything before I go?
Howard: I’ll give you a dollar if you make fun of Raj.
Stuart: That’s mean.
Howard: Five.
Stuart: You look like Tigger if Tigger looked like a jackass.
Howard: Uh, if you ever need a reference or anything, just let me know.
Man: Hey, guys.
Woman: You made it.
Sheldon: Did you see that? He just cut the line.
Leonard: He’s just joining his friends; it’s fine.
Sheldon: No, it’s not fine. It is a breach of line etiquette.
Howard: We’re near the front of the line. We’ll get in either way.
Sheldon: What if every person in front of us let someone cut?
Leonard: We’d still get in.
Sheldon: What if each of those people let someone cut?
Leonard: Still get in.
Sheldon: But then each of those people let someone cut?
Leonard: We’d still get in, but first I’d hit you over the head with his stick chair.
Sheldon: Excuse me.
Leonard: Oh, please don’t.
Sheldon: Uh, uh, I couldn’t help but notice that you cut the line.
Man: Oh, uh, I’m with my friends. It’s cool.
Sheldon: Well, no. It’s not cool. If there were reserved seating, and we all had tickets, that would be fine. But this line is first-come, first-served. Not show up tardy and nevertheless be first served. Right here.
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: You need to go to the back of the line.
Man: Uh, who made you line monitor?
Sheldon: Mrs. Wunch in fourth grade. And my slogan was a line that’s straight is a line that’s great.
Man: Is this guy for real?
Leonard: Boy, I wish I could say no.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Beverly: That was very nice of Sheldon to apologize.
Amy: Well, he’s come a long way. Or a short way very slowly, so it feels like a long way.
Beverly: Your relationship with him is fascinating. I’m preparing to write a book on high-achieving couples, and I would love to interview the both of you.
Amy: Oh, sure. I’ll, I’ll talk to Sheldon about it. You know, Bernadette’s husband is a former astronaut.
Beverly: Really? Do you think he would be interested in being interviewed as well?
Bernadette: Do I think he’d be interested? Sometimes I hear him pretending to be interviewed when he’s alone in the bathroom.
Beverly: Wonderful. I’ll give you my contact information.
Bernadette: Um, you should probably talk to Penny, too.
Beverly: About what?
Penny: Okay, you know what? This is ridiculous. I’ve been trying to make a connection with you all day, and clearly I’m getting nowhere.
Beverly: Well, are you seeking a connection or just some form of validation?
Penny: What I was seeking was some sort of friendship. But at this point, I’ll take you not insulting me to my face.
Beverly: My intention was never to insult you.
Penny: You’ve been doing it all day. Do you even know what an insult is?
Beverly: Well, it’s not a clinical term. But one example would be your marrying my son, and not inviting me or even telling me the wedding was taking place.
Penny: Okay, good example.
Scene: The cinema line.
Sheldon: What about Joss Whedon’s work makes you think he’d be okay with rule-breakers and line-cutters?
Man: The Avengers are rule-breakers. Being vengeful is in their job description.
Sheldon: They work for SHIELD, which is a sanctioned department of the U.S. Government. Do you work for a sanctioned department of the U.S. Government?
Man: As a matter of fact I do. At a little place called the DMV.
Raj: He’s got him there. The D even stands for department.
Sheldon: Excuse me, excuse me, can I please see a show of hands? Who here takes issue with this person cutting the line?
Man: Told you.
Sheldon: Well, what a sad state of affairs. That you’ve all been so ground down by life, you don’t even notice when someone disrespects you.
Howard: I can’t believe we’re gonna get beat up, and it’s not because of your chair.
Sheldon: You know, right now, at the back of this line, there’s a movie fan like you who’s not going to get in, because this person simply doesn’t care. Yeah, well, 61 years ago, there was another person at the back of the line and her name was Rosa Parks.
Leonard: Okay, you may have to pretend you’re black to get us out of here.
Sheldon: Now, let’s follow in that brave woman’s footsteps, and stand up for ourselves. And, and I realize that she stood up by remaining seated, but now is not the time to enjoy the irony of that. Now, I ask you again. Who here takes issue with this person…
Woman: Why should we listen to you? You cut the line yourself.
Sheldon: I most certainly did not.
Woman: I saw you.
Man: If you’re feeling dizzy, it’s because the tables have turned.
Sheldon: Excuse me, I paid someone to wait in line for me, and then when I arrived, he left, so what you saw, my good woman, was swapsies, not cutsies. Oh, no, no, no, no, wait, I ask you all again, a show of hands. Who here takes issue… well, stop moving. he’s gonna get in.
Leonard: Buddy, let it go.
Sheldon: No, I can’t. This isn’t right.
Leonard: You did everything you could.
Sheldon: No, I could’ve done more.
Leonard: Now, now, you denigrated the memory of a great civil rights pioneer. That’s all anyone could ask.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: To be honest, I’m surprised you cared about the wedding at all.
Beverly: I’m still human, Penny. Not getting invited to my own son’s wedding is difficult to ignore.
Amy: I know how you feel. She didn’t invite any of us.
Penny: It was spur of the moment.
Bernadette: But we did get to see a live stream of it on the Internet.
Beverly: I could’ve watched it on the Internet?
Penny: Thank you. So if we would have asked you to come to Vegas to see us get married, you would’ve come?
Beverly: No, I would’ve said you’re making a huge mistake. But an invitation would’ve been nice.
Penny: You really think we made a mistake?
Beverly: At the time I did. But I’ve never seen Leonard so happy, so perhaps I was wrong.
Penny: Wow. Okay. Well, um, how about this? Maybe while you’re still in town, Leonard and I could have another small ceremony. You know, if you’re interested.
Beverly: I would find that perfectly acceptable.
Penny: She would find it perfectly acceptable. You guys saw it. We bonded.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s bedroom.
Bernadette: Howie? You doing okay? You’ve been in there a while.
Howard (through bathroom door): I’m fine. Be right out. Am I an American hero? Well, that’s a good question, Jim. Don’t you think once an astronaut leaves the planet, he’s a hero to all the nations of the Earth? Okey dokey. I think I have time for one more question.
 								
			
				Scene: Leonard and Penny’s bedroom.
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: Hi, how was the screening?
Leonard: Oh, Sheldon invoked Rosa Parks to make somebody who cut the line feel bad, but only the white people felt bad.
Penny: Ugh, I should’ve never bought him that colouring book that explains Black History Month.
Leonard: How’d it go with my mother?
Penny: Uh, you know, it started a little rocky, but I think we got to a good place.
Leonard: Wow. Well done.
Penny: Yeah, and when I dropped her off at the hotel, she even gave me a hug.
Leonard: Did she think you were choking or… I’m sorry, that’s great. Thank you for spending time with her.
Penny: No problem. Um, so listen, I don’t know if you have any plans next weekend, but I kind of promised your mom we’d have another wedding ceremony so she could attend this time.
Leonard: Wait, we’re gonna get married again?
Penny: Yeah, kind of, but now we can invite our friends and family.
Leonard: Seems like a lot of trouble for a hug.
Penny: Come on, it’ll be fun, and, you know, your mom was genuinely hurt we didn’t invite her to the first one.
Leonard: Look, in our defence, it was kind of a spur of the moment thing, and also, we don’t like her.
Penny: Leonard, come on, she’s your mom. If we can do something to make her happy, why wouldn’t we?
Leonard: I just said why, we don’t like her.
Penny: Hey, look, then forget about her, let’s do it for us. We could keep it small and informal. This time we can invite our families.
Leonard: Is your brother out of prison?
Penny: Thanks to overcrowding, yeah.
Leonard: I’d love it if my dad could come.
Penny: Oh, you have to invite him. I haven’t seen him since the divorce.
Leonard: Oh, he’s like a different man. He stopped twitching, and I think he grew an inch and a half.
Penny: Well, then it’s settled. Yay. So funny. I never thought my second marriage would be to you.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Okay, so it’s not a legal ceremony, it’s just a chance for us to redo our vows so everyone can be part of it.
Amy: So there’s no maid of honour?
Penny: No.
Amy: Huh. But if I were to, say, wear a purple satin dress with a sweetheart neckline and stand near you, you wouldn’t be able to stop me, right?
Penny: I don’t see how I could.
Amy: Then I graciously accept.
Bernadette: Who’s going to officiate?
Penny: I was kind of hoping you would.
Amy: Wait, now I’m just some lousy maid of honour?
Sheldon: Hey, good news, I just got off the phone with my mother. She is coming to the wedding.
Penny: Okay, wait, you’re inviting people to our wedding?
Sheldon: Yes, I’m inviting people to our wedding. Yeah, I’ve already asked Stephen Hawking and Robert Downey Jr, and, now don’t get your hopes up, ’cause he’s pretty busy, but Erno Rubik.
Bernadette: Who’s Erno Rubik?
Sheldon: Seriously? He invented the Rubik’s Cube.
Penny: Okay, fine, but why would you invite him to our wedding?
Sheldon: Because, despite his fame and fortune, he strikes me as a lonely man.
Bernadette: Well, it’s very sweet of you to go to all this trouble for Leonard’s mother.
Penny: Yeah, I’m also doing it for Leonard. I think this could really help their relationship.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Beverly: How dare you invite your father without consulting me.
Leonard: Sorry, but I don’t think I need your permission to have my father at my wedding.
Beverly: You do understand our marriage ended because he had an affair.
Leonard: I know, and there’s no excuse for that.
Beverly: He claimed I was cold, emasculating, and hadn’t shown him any physical affection for years.
Leonard: I was wrong, there’s three excuses for that.
Scene: Howard’s workshop.
Howard: Oh, my God. It’s working.
Raj: You sure?
Howard: Look. The system is maintaining its own stability, the quantum vortex apparatus is now controlling the orientation.
Raj: You’re right. You realize what this means?
Howard: Yeah. I do. It’s proof of concept. We’ve got a workable guidance system.
Raj: Congratulations.
Howard: Thanks. Hey, I just got an e-mail from the U.S. Air Force.
Raj: Open it.
Howard: Hmm. We request a meeting at your earliest convenience regarding your quantum guidance system, provisional patent 62/295118. That’s weird.
Raj: Is there a window around here we don’t know about?
Howard: I’m sure it’s just a coincidence.
Raj: Yeah, of course. What else could it be? Boy, do I love America.
Scene: Amy’s car.
Mary Cooper: Thank you for picking me up.
Sheldon: Oh, you’re welcome.
Mary: I was speaking to your young lady.
Amy: My pleasure, Mrs. Cooper.
Mary: Oh, please call me Mary.
Amy: Okay, Mary.
Sheldon: You know, that doesn’t work for me, let’s stay with Mrs. Cooper.
Mary: Sheldon, don’t be silly.
Sheldon: Wu-wu, what? That’s what I called you till I got to know you better.
Mary: It was so nice of Leonard and Penny to invite me.
Sheldon: Well, actually, I…
Amy: It sure was.
Mary: I’ve always had a special place in my heart for Leonard. Taking care of my baby all these years.
Sheldon: Excuse me, I take care of him.
Mary: Sure you do. So who else is coming to this shindig?
Amy: Oh, well, the usual gang. Penny’s family is coming tomorrow.
Sheldon: Yeah, and Leonard’s mother’s already here.
Mary: Oh, Beverly. How nice.
Amy: You’ve met her, right?
Mary: Yes, I have.
Sheldon: Mother, she’s an atheist, not a vampire.
Mary: Either way, let’s stop and get some garlic.
Scene: The apartment.
Beverly: So, Mary, how have you been?
Mary: Well, thank you so much for asking. I’ve been well, and you?
Beverly: Very good.
Mary: Good.
Sheldon: I don’t know what we were worried about, they’re getting along great.
Mary: Sheldon tells me your husband’s coming.
Beverly: My ex-husband.
Mary: Oh, I’m so sorry.
Beverly: Don’t be.
Mary: All right.
Penny: Whew, chilly.
Amy: I think I can see my breath.
Beverly: We can hear you.
Penny: Sorry.
Amy: Sorry.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s kitchen.
Howard: I can’t believe I was so naive. The military is just gonna take over the whole project. And you know what happens if we object? We disappear. Like off the map. Like every American Idol winner since season four.
Bernadette: Come on, Howard, you’re overreacting.
Howard: Am I? Am I? What, what do you want to bet some black ops guy is reprinting my high school yearbook and I’m no longer in it? That chess club picture is now just David Zimmerman and Elaine Cho.
Raj: Okay, look, I’m on the Air Force Web site, and the department that e-mailed you is in charge of acquisitions. So maybe they just want to give you a lot of money for your invention.
Howard: Oh, please, that’s not how it works. You saw E.T., Avatar, Jurassic World. The military just shows up and takes over.
Bernadette: You do realize those weren’t documentaries, right?
Howard: I’m sorry, you find this funny?
Raj: No, I was just thinking about Jurassic World. Boy, that was terrible.
Scene: The foyer.
Leonard: Oh, we have to use the stairs.
Alfred Hofstadter: When are they gonna fix your elevator?
Leonard: Uh, I don’t, any day now.
Alfred: Well, the stairs are fine. Besides, your mother is up there. Maybe I’ll have a heart attack and not have to see her.
Leonard: Hey, I, I know things are a little rough with you and Mom, but I’m really glad you’re here.
Alfred: Me, too. I should have never had that angioplasty because I feel fine.
Leonard: Penny’s really looking forward to seeing you.
Alfred: Ah, she’s a sweetie. You got a good one there, Leonard.
Leonard: Thanks, Dad.
Alfred: How the hell did you do that?
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Isn’t this nice?
Leonard: Hey, we’re here.
Penny: Alfred. Thank you for coming!
Alfred: Oh. Well, happy to be here. And congratulations.
Penny: Thank you.
Leonard: Dad, you remember Sheldon.
Sheldon: Dr. Hofstadter.
Alfred: Dr. Cooper.
Leonard: This is Sheldon’s mother, Mary.
Alfred: How do you do?
Mary: Nice to meet you.
Leonard: And his girlfriend, Amy.
Alfred: A pleasure.
Amy: Hi.
Leonard: And, of course, Mom.
Alfred: Hello, my hateful shrew.
Beverly: Hello to you, you wrinkled old bastard.
Sheldon: All right, now I’m starting to sense a little tension.
Leonard: All right, you two, don’t start. Penny and I are throwing this second wedding for your benefit. Can you please not ruin it?
Alfred: Of course. I’m sorry.
Beverly: Oh, look at that, you can apologize.
Leonard: Mom.
Beverly: I’m sorry.
Mary: You know, the Bible says forgiveness…
Sheldon: Mom.
Mary: I’m sorry.
Penny: Uh, who’s hungry? We have a reservation at the best restaurant in town.
Sheldon: It only got three-and-a-half stars on Yelp.
Amy: Sheldon.
Sheldon: I’m not sorry. That’s true.
Scene: Howard and Bernadette’s kitchen.
Howard: I don’t know what to do. It’s the Air Force. I mean, should I respond to their e-mail? Ignore it?
Raj: You can’t ignore it. It’s not that postcard that says it’s time to go back to the dentist.
Bernadette: Guys, come on. We’re meeting everyone for dinner.
Howard: One sec. I’m just afraid if I respond, then they’ll know I got it.
Raj: Oh, dude. The minute you opened that e-mail, they knew you got it. I mean, they’re probably looking at you through the camera right now. I love America.
Bernadette: Are you done with this nonsense?
Howard: It’s not nonsense. This is how the U.S. military works.
Raj: Oh, if it’s even the U.S. Military. It could be foreign military pretending to be American.
Howard: You’re right. We turn our guidance system over to them, next thing we know, they’re using it against us.
Raj: I also love the enemies of America.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Beverly: Penny, I hope the example of my failed marriage to Leonard’s father doesn’t discourage you from the commitment you’ve made to one another.
Penny: No, of course not.
Beverly: Although Alfred and I had a lot more going for us than you two.
Leonard: Mom, please save something for the toast.
Scene: Amy’s car.
Mary: So, Alfred, what is it that you do for a living?
Alfred: Oh, I’m an anthropologist. I study ancient peoples and cultures.
Mary: My goodness, so all the way back to the Flood.
Sheldon: Don’t laugh, she wasn’t joking.
Amy: Play with your phone.
Alfred: Well, on that note, there are many cultures that have an apocalyptic flood as part of their mythology.
Mary: I don’t have a mythology. I have the unerring Word of God. But that’s very interesting.
Alfred: Oh. I, I didn’t mean to disparage your faith. Actually, I admire it.
Mary: Really?
Alfred: Yes. Yes, I’m an agnostic myself, but I have prayed, many times, to God, to turn my wife into a pillar of salt.
Mary: Well, He came close. Turned her into a giant block of ice.
Scene: Howard’s car.
Raj: Howard, there must be someone at the university you can go to for help.
Howard: Are you kidding? They’re probably the ones who leaked it to the military in the first place.
Raj: What about the guy on the Channel Four News? You know, Four on Your Side? Maybe he can be on your side.
Howard: I’m being harassed by the government, not trying to get to the bottom of a dog-walking scam.
Bernadette: Oh, stop. You know what’s really happening? All the movies you’ve watched, the TV shows, the comic books, they’ve completely twisted your thinking. No one’s after you, no one’s listening to you, no one cares about you.
Raj: I’d like to think the Four on Your Side guy cares about me.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Penny: You know, Beverly, I know you and Alfred have your differences, but if you think about it, if you hadn’t married him, there’d be no Leonard. So that’s good, right?
Beverly: Yeah.
Leonard: Is that Howard in front of us?
Penny: Oh, maybe. Get closer.
Howard’s car.
Howard: Oh, God. I think someone’s following us.
Bernadette: You’re being ridiculous.
Howard: I’m not being ridiculous, he’s right on my tail.
Raj: Uh, turn left here and see if he turns with us.
Leonard’s car.
Penny: Well, why is he turning here? The restaurant’s the other way.
Leonard: I don’t know. He uses that traffic app. Maybe there’s an accident.
Penny: Oh, so follow him.
Howard’s car.
Raj: Oh, no.
Howard: I told you.
Bernadette: It’s probably just a coincidence. Speed up a little, see if he stays with you.
Leonard’s car.
Penny: Well, go faster. You’re losing him.
Leonard: What is his hurry?
Penny: You know what, flash your lights. Let him know it’s you.
Howard’s car.
Howard: He’s flashing his lights. What’s that mean?
Raj: I, I think he wants us to pull over.
Bernadette: Do not pull over. I’m not raising this baby alone.
Howard: Hang on.
Scene: The restaurant.
Alfred: So, after your husband passed, you never remarried?
Mary: No, just focused on work and the church.
Alfred: Ah. And what do you do?
Mary: I work at the church.
Alfred: Well, they’re lucky to have you.
Mary: Well, thank you.
Alfred: You’re welcome.
Amy: Do you realize what’s happening here?
Sheldon: Yeah, I do. They’re filling up on bread and ruining their meal.
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: Hey.
Amy: What took you guys so long?
Leonard: Oh, we were following Howard, but for some reason, he turned off his headlights and went up a one-way street.
Penny: So, what did we miss?
Alfred: Oh, just Mary and I getting to know each other a little.
Mary: Leonard, your father is just charming.
Beverly: He’s also broke. Did he mention that?
Leonard: Okay, Mom, you sit over there.
Penny: Yeah, I’m gonna call Bernadette and see what’s keeping them.
Sheldon: If I’d known you were broke, I wouldn’t have made a big deal about the bread.
Scene: Howard’s car.
Bernadette (on phone): Hey, Penny. What are you talking about? Oh, that was you? Long story. Why don’t you go ahead and eat. We’re gonna be a while.
Howard: I’m telling you, I’m not on drugs. The government’s out to get me.
Scene: The restaurant.
Alfred: Now, one of the more exciting things to be found recently is that Neanderthals and Homo Sapiens frequently mated with each other.
Mary: Well, that certainly explains my marriage to Sheldon’s father.
Sheldon: That’s funny, because my father was not a very clever man.
Amy: I’d be lost without you.
Leonard: Uh, I would like to propose a toast to my wife and bride-to-be.
Sheldon: See, that’s funny because…
Amy: Back to your phone.
Leonard: Penny, I’ve always known I loved you, but this last year has shown me that I also love being married to you. Thank you for saying yes.
Penny: Oh, thanks for asking until I did.
Amy: Hear, hear.
Leonard: Cheers.
Alfred: I, uh, I would also like to make a toast.
Penny: Aw.
Alfred: Leonard, I am so happy that you have found a woman who loves and cares for you.
Beverly: What the hell is that supposed to mean?
Alfred: Why don’t you take a pill?
Beverly: Like you did before sex?
Alfred: What I really needed was a blindfold.
Mary: All right, everyone, calm down. Let’s all remember what it says in the Bible: He who is slow to anger is better than the mighty.
Beverly: Oh, dear woman, can you please read another book?
Mary: When God writes one, I will.
Penny: Um, if, if we want to order the soufflé, we might want to get on that.
Alfred: Leonard, if you don’t mind, I, I think I’m a little tired. I’m gonna call it a night.
Leonard: Sure, Dad.
Mary: I’m a little tuckered out myself, so I will see you all in the morning.
Alfred: Would you like to share a cab?
Mary: That would be fine.
Alfred: Where are you staying?
Mary: I’m at the Westin.
Alfred: Oh, so am I. Can I interest you in a nightcap?
Mary: I think that you could.
Leonard: What is happening there?
Sheldon: I think it’s pretty obvious. They don’t want dessert ’cause they filled up on bread.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: She’s still not answering.
Leonard: My father’s not texting me back.
Penny: ‘Cause they both turned their phones off.
Sheldon: I don’t like this at all.
Leonard: I don’t like it either.
Penny: Really? ‘Cause I love it.
 								
			

